The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, has urged motorists to desist from over-speeding, overloading and drinking of alcohol while driving to avoid crashes on the road.  Oyeyemi stated this during the flag-off of the 2020 ‘Ember month’ campaign, on Tuesday in Ibadan. The corps marshal, who was represented by the Zonal Commanding Officer in charge of Oyo, Osun and Ogun states, ACM Godwin Ogagaoghene, said that speeding, overloading and alcohol drinking contributed majorly to road crashes. Oyeyemi said that the corps frowned at these practices, warning drivers to desist from them. “When a driver over-speeds and there is an emergency, he will not have the ability to control the vehicle to safety. Therefore, we should avoid over-speeding, as it takes the element of control away from you. “Another thing that do cause crashes on our road is overloading. What we see mostly in motor parks is that drivers will overload their vehicles and this reduces the ability to control those vehicles. “For instance, a driver who carries two passengers in front with him and puts another on his left side. How will he be able to to manoeuvre such a vehicle in case of emergency? “That is why we are frowning at all these and we sincerely ask motorists to desist from them,” Oyeyemi said. Also speaking, the FRSC Sector Commander in the state, Mrs Uche Chukwurah, said that records, over the years, had shown that many commercial drivers carry vehicles with worn-out tryes and leave them mechanically- deficient while in haste to make many trips and more money. Chukwurah said that such attitude had always crated enormous challenges to other road users. “We have equally observed that road obstructions continue to constitute another huge challenge to our campaign for attaining safer roads in the state. “To this end, significant attention will be paid to overloading, dangerous driving and use of phone while driving, among other causes of traffic crashes. “We are also ensuring that hand-washing facilities are provided across all bus terminals and motor parks in the state,” she said. The sector commander commended all stakeholders, particularly the leadership of park management system in the state, for standing by FRSC in the campaign against factors leading to road crashes. In his remarks, Mr Mukaila Lamidi, Chairman, Disciplinary Committee of Park Management System in the state, commended the Federal Government on the ongoing construction of Oyo-Ogbomoso expressway. Lamidi, represented by Alhaji Jimoh Tajudeen, called on the Federal Government to reduce import duty on vehicles in order to force their prices down. Gov. Seyi Makinde, who was represented by his Deputy Chief of Staff, Olawale Mogbojubola, called on motorists to abide by the rules and regulations while on the road to avoid road crashes.