Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has urged residents of the state to encourage their council chairmen to execute more development projects within their communities.  Sanwo-Olu gave the advice on Friday in Lagos at the inauguration of new ultra-modern office complex and road construction projects at Apapa Iganmu Local Council Area (LCDA). “The projects are commendable infrastructure and I urge the residents to encourage and cooperate with the council chairman to do more. “We are handing over these infrastructures to the youths in the community for safe keep. There are many developmental programme for youths through the Ministry of Youth Development. “The youths should know that these infrastructures are meant for them and the community they belong, that’s why we are handing the projects to them,” Sanwo-Olu said. Dr Funmilayo Akande, Chairman, Apapa Iganmu LCDA, in her opening remarks, said she has ensured good and speedy development since her assumption of office. “We assure that all hands must be on deck to ensure good and speedy development within the LCDA to further entrench a greater Lagos. “Apapa Iganmu, being a commercial and residential area, good and motorable roads is a major need of the community. “Hence, the administration embarked on infrastructural development through the construction of 11 road networks, Sari Iganmu, Makanjuola, Sango Arewa and others,” she said. According to her, education, they say, is a meal ticket for the future which should not be neglected for children and youths. The council boss said that the administration constructed a fully furnished and equipped Oluremi Tinubu Library at Apapa Iganmu. “We also provide school bags to pupils and students, provisions of General Certificate Examination (GCE) and JAMB form to the LCDA indigenes who aspire to further their education. “We also have many projects on health, by construction of primary health centres, provision of eye glasses and drugs to aged and widows in Apapa Iganmu community,” she said. Akande, however, thanked community leaders, youths, council staff, corporate organisations and residents in Apapa for their cooperation and commitment which ensured the projects were completed. Also, Oba Abdulfatai Aromire, the Ojora of Ijora Land, in his remarks, thanked the chairman for the various projects embarked on in the community. “We have witnessed various projects embarked upon by the council boss, that is why we are applauding her today for the enormous jobs and still encourage her to do more,” Aromire said. Mr Babatunde Balogun, State chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC), gave kudos to the council boss for the provision of infrastructural developments to the residents. “We thank the chairman for these laudable projects, the 11 road constructions, primary health centres and provision of operational vehicles for the police command in the LCDA,” Balogun said. He added that the projects were dividends of democracy the party pledged the residents during the electioneering and urged the people to make good use of them.