A Kaduna State High Court, on Thursday, adjourned the trial of the leader of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria, (IMN) Sheikh Ibrahim El–Zakzaky and his wife Zeenat until Jan. 25 and Jan. 26 2021.  Justice Gideon Kurada, fixed the date, after four witnesses called by the prosecution, testified. The Kaduna State Government charged El-Zakzaky and Zeenat of eight counts bordering on alleged culpable homicide, unlawful assembly and disruption of the public peace among other charges. On Sept. 29, the IMN leader and his wife pleaded not guilty when the charges were read to them. The State on Nov 18, presented two Army officers who testified in secret before the High Court and the case was adjourned to Nov. 19, for continuation of hearing. After the hearing of the case on Thursday, Mr Femi Falana, SAN, told newsmen that three of those who testified were the defendants’ neighbours in Zaria. Falana who spoke after his visit to the Kaduna Correctional Center, said the fourth witness was a former director of the State Security Service (SSS) in the state. “Prosecution called four witnesses today, a retired director of SSS and three other witnesses who are neighbors of our clients. “So they gave their evidence. Essentially they talked about their relationship with the defendants. “And the State Security Service officer, claimed they (SSS) took care of the defendants after they were transferred to them by the military. “So we cross examined them and the case has been adjourned to Jan. 25 and 26, 2021 for further hearing,” Falana said. It was reported that the court had so far admitted six prosecution witnesses out of the 18 lined up to testify. Mr Dari Bayero, who led the prosecution, did not speak with newsmen. It was reported that on Sept. 29, the court dismissed a no-case submission filed El-Zakzaky and his wife Zeenat. In the motion, the IMN leader had asked the court to dismiss the allegations against him and his wife for lack of evidence. But Justice Kurada, dismissed the no-case submission, saying that it was premature to rule on the application to quash the charges against the defendants in view of the clear provisions of the Kaduna State Administration of Criminal Justice.