Key players in the banking industry and the judiciary are to discuss the new normal as it affects both fields at the 20th Annual National Seminar on Banking and Allied Matters for Judges.  The Seminar, with the theme, “The Judiciary and the Financial Services Industry in the New Normal: Challenges, Innovations and Regulations” is to hold virtually. The Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN), said in a statement on Sunday in Lagos that the seminar was slated for Nov. 10 to Nov. 11. It said it was organising the seminar, in collaboration with the National Judicial Institute (NJI), under the auspices of the Bankers Committee of CBN. The CIBN statement was issued by Mr Nelson Olagundoye, the Head, Corporate Communication and External Relation. He said that the programme would provide a forum for stakeholders in the banking industry and judges across the world to cross-fertilize ideas on contemporary banking and related judicial matters. This is for the soundness of the banking industry, the judiciary and the development of the Nigerian economy, Olagundoye said. He listed sub themes to be discussed to include: “Virtual Court Sitting and the Implication for the Banking Industry“. They would also discuss “The New Normal and Employment Contract in the Banking Industry: Challenges and Way Forward”. “Global Standing Instruction (GSI) Mandate: Implications for Banks, Customers, and the Judiciary”, and “Digital Economy and Its Risk Implications” are also Sub-themes Others include, “Remote Work: Impact on Banking & Judicial Processes and Operations”, and “Banking Regulations and Courts: Way forward in the Next Normal”. He said that the two bodies had assembled seasoned experts from the financial sector, the judiciary, the legal profession and the academia to address the august gathering. Among the experts are Justice Kazeem Olanrewaju Alogba, Chief Judge of Lagos State; Justice R. I. B. Adebiyi, of Lagos State Judiciary; and Mr ‘Laoye Jaiyeola, FCIB, Past President, CIBN/Chief Executive Officer, the Nigerian Economic Summit Group. Prof. Akin Oyebode, MON, (SAN), Professor of International Law and Jurisprudence, is also listed, amongst others. Olagundoye said that representatives of the Law Enforcement Agents and Legal representatives from the Deposit Money Banks and other Financial Institutions would be at the seminar. Company Secretaries/Legal Advisers; Staff of Legal, Compliance/Enforcement Departments of CBN and Deposit Money Banks are also expected at the event. He said it would also attract the Security and Exchange Commission, Nigeria Stock Exchange, Debt Management Office, National Pension Commission and Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria and other relevant Stakeholders. The CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, Mr Horacio Bernardes Neto, President, International Bar Association and Mr Olumide Akpata, President, Nigerian Bar Association are to deliver goodwill messages. Olagundoye said that Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad, Chief Justice of Nigeria and Chairman, Board of Governors, National Judicial Institute would deliver the keynote address. He said that Mr Bayo Olugbemi, FCIB, President/Chairman of Council would present the address of welcome.