The Edo House of Assembly on Monday adopted a resolution calling on the Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, to direct police officers to return to their duty posts and formations in order to address the rising security challenges in the state.  The adoption of the resolution was sequel to the consideration of a matter of urgent public importance moved by Mr Emma Okoduwa, member representing Esan North East, on the spate of insecurity in the state. The Assemblyman in a motion seconded by Deputy speaker Roland Asoro said there was sudden increase in crimes in the state adding that officers had abandoned their duty posts in the wake of the #EndSARS protest. Okoduwa said that the withdrawal of police patrol vehicles from major roads in the state had led to heightened insecurity ranging from kidnapping to armed robbery. “The #ENDSARS protests and riots across the country led to wanton destruction of lives and property including several police stations giving rise to the heightened insecurity we now experience on a daily basis,” he said. He called on government to urgently address the spate of insecurity in the state before it was allowed to degenerate into anarchy. On his part, Mr Emma Agbaje, member representing Akoko-Edo, harped on the need for training and retraining of police officers in other to improve their working relations with members of the public. He said, “while we seek solutions to the problem of insecurity occassioned by the EndSARS protests, government at all levels should look into rebuilding all police stations and facilities destroyed. According to him, government should also embark on boosting the morale of officers. The House after extensive deliberation unanimously adopted the resolution. Also at plenary, the House called on the 18 local government chairmen in the state to set up local vigilance groups to support the police within the confines of the law in fighting crimes. The House members urged the chairmen to clear all bushes on major roads serving as criminal hideouts in their respective local government areas.