The University of Benin (UNIBEN) Alumni Association, Lagos Branch, has urged all graduates of the institution to give back to the university that made them as well as strive for excellence in their careers.  According to the association, this will strengthen the quality of education in the school, encourage the lecturers, inspire students to be more focused and ultimately impact the society. Mr Stephen Onojomete, Chairman and Mr Julius Ebhodaghe, PRO, of the UNIBEN Alumni Lagos branch, in a joint statement on Tuesday also tasked the alumni on the need to mentor students and young graduates. They also said that the 2020 UNIBEN Alumni Association, Lagos Branch, Annual Award of Excellence and Lectures will hold on Sunday, Dec. 6, 2020 at the Sheraton Hotels & Towers, Ikeja, Lagos. “There is need for alumni members to remember their institutions and give back to them. “This will go a long way to provide needed infrastructure, improve the quality of education and address other needs. “It will also help us to inspire and encourage our young ones to strive for excellence in all their chosen professions. “The award and lecture event avails us the opportunity to give back to our Alma mater, UNIBEN and the Lagos Branch, by identifying key areas of interventions in the school and intervening, where possible. “It is our utmost believe that if UNIBEN wins, we all win and the next generation of students will get better quality education. “This will ensure a better and safer society for us all,’’ the association said. The statement said that the alumni had done needs assessment of the school in 2019. According to it, it identified shortage of quality water supply in some halls of residence as possible areas of interventions by the branch. “Recently, we were able to provide two boreholes to the school in the affected halls of residence in Hall 1 (Female Hostel) and Hall 4 (Male Hostel) which were commissioned by the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Lilian Salami, on Oct. 8, 2020. “We were able to provide COVID-19 palliatives to some members during the critical period of the lockdown while also donating towards the renovation and beautification project of UNIBEN. “We appeal to all alumni of the great university living in and doing businesses in Lagos state to embrace this landmark event by honouring it with their presence and support at the event. “We also encourage members to attend our monthly meetings,” it said. The statement said that the event is expected to have Brig.-Gen Anthony Okpobrisi as the chairman and the keynote address to be delivered by Hon. Gbenga Omotosho, the Commissioner for Information and Strategies, Lagos State. The Vice Chancellor of UNIBEN, Prof. Lilian Salami, will be the Special Guest of Honour. Some of those listed for the 2020 award include Mr Wole Adeniyi , CEO, Stanbic IBTC bank; Mr Elias Igbinakenzua, MD, Globus Bank PLC and Mr Obukaroro Ovadje, Assistant Director, DPR Rtd. Omo Ohiwerei, Operations Director, Ethiopia Bavaria Breweries; Mr Bestow Akeze, Director, Lafarge Africa PLC; Ikemefuna Obiorah, Key Account Manager National, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Effiong Okon, Executive Director Operations, Seplat Petroleum Ltd will also receive awards. Also included are Mr Elohor Okpako, 2020 UNIBEN MCB Graduate with CGP 4.97; Mr Robert Ogirri, MD, Nosak Farms Ltd.; George Okoyo, MD, Point Engineering Ltd.; Ms Onome Adewuyi, President, ICAN and Mr Nedo Osayande, MD, Belamoil Ltd. Mr Olumide Akpata, President, NBA; Maj.-Gen Adamu Jidda, Brig.- Gen Henry Oburo, Brig.-Gen Eruwa Emiko Rtd and Amaka Onyemelukwe, Head, Public Affairs, Coca Cola PLC , among others will also be honoured.