Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Tuesday implored officers and men of the Nigerian Army to be humane in the discharge of their official responsibilities.  Okowa gave the advice while flagging off the Nigeria Army’s Operation Crocodile Smile VI at the army super camp located at kilometre 11, Asaba/Benin Expressway, Asaba. The governor, represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Mr. Chiedu Ebie, said that the advice became imperative because members of the society have become more conscious of their rights and how they want to be secured. According to him, men of the Nigerian armed forces should not abuse the position they are given and not use their position to abuse the rights of others in the society. While applauding the Nigerian Army, especially the 63 Brigade, Asaba, for the event, Okowa disclosed that the exercise, (Operation Crocodile Smile VI), will show the bond between the Nigerian Army and the society. He commended the military authorities for being conscious of the need for peace and security in the state and for contributing to the “Stronger Delta Agenda” mantra of the state government. “I assure the Nigerian Army of this administration’s constant support as you continue to engage in intensive security duties in the state. “I commend the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, for his thoughtfulness and strategic foresight in conducting Exercise Crocodile Smile VI ahead of the yuletide. “From antecedents, the security issues prevalent within the yuletide are not lost on any of us as criminal elements move to amass wealth through underhanded means during the period,” he said. Okowa noted that exercise “Crocodile Smile VI” is a welcome development that has promised to ensure that criminal elements have no safe haven during and after the festive period. He urged citizens of the state to be security conscious and cooperate with security operatives at all levels to stop criminal elements in their tracks. Earlier, Brig.-Gen. Ibrahim Jallo, Commander, 63 Brigade of the Nigerian Army, said that the exercise is an annual event that will dovetail into promoting sustainable peace and unity in the state. He disclosed that the Operation Crocodile Smile VI will provide a veritable platform to exhibit the cordial relationship between the Nigerian Army and other sister security agencies in the state. Jallo lauded the state government for its sustained support to the 63 Brigade of the Nigerian Army, assuring that officers and men in the brigade will continue to do their best in the discharge of their duties. The high point at the ceremony was the official flag-off of the exercise by the representative of the governor, Mr. Ebie, shortly after being conducted round various facilities at the super camp.