The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said that all hands must be on deck to ensure that the party emerges victorious in the forthcoming Cross River North Senatorial by-election slated for Dec. 5.  Mai Mala Buni, Chairman of the party’s Caretaker and Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee said this on Wednesday in Abuja while inaugurating the party’s campaign council for the election. Buni who was represented at the inauguration by Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, Secretary of the committee, said winning the Cross River North Senatorial election was very critical to the APC. “It is not often that this party sets up a national campaign council for a senatorial election, this shows the importance the party attaches to this election,” he said. Buni noted that the importance of having an overwhelming majority in the Senate for the APC could not be over emphasised, adding that it would deepen its in-road as a party into Cross River. He, therefore, advised the party’s leaders to leave 2023 governors’ permutations aside and join hands to ensure the party won the by-election. “The victory can only help the 2023 project for whoever God chooses, as power, after all, belongs to God. “You all are tested hands in this business; so I will not tell you how to do it. All we need is victory, but within the ambit of law,” he said. Sen. Kahim Shettima, chairman of the council thanked the party’s leadership for the confidence reposed in its members. “On behalf of my colleagues in the campaign council, we wish to register our profound gratitude for the honour entrusted on us. “We are going to ensure victory for our party in the upcoming election,” the former Borno governor said. He added that although power belongs to God, the council would ensure that the party emerged victorious in the election. It was reported that other members of the council include: Mr Festus Keyamo, Mr Goddy Agba, Amb. Anthony Dimo, Alhaji Bala Gwagwarwa and Joshua Akpan. Mrs Stella Oketete would serve as secretary of the council. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) fixed Dec. 5, for the 15 pending State and National Assembly by-elections in some 11 states of the federation. The commission suspended the polls earlier scheduled to hold on Oct. 31, because of the violence that trailed the #EndSARS protests. The senatorial by-elections will be conducted in Borno, Cross River, Imo, Lagos, Plateau, Bayelsa and Kogi states among others.