The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mr Mohammed Adamu has called on participants of the National Institute of Police Studies (NIPS) to be the change agents in the Nigeria Police.  Adamu made the call on Thursday in Abuja at the graduation ceremony of the pioneer course participants of the institute. He said the change must be seen in the character, knowledge and action of the participants. “You should deploy the knowledge you have acquired towards providing strategic leadership that will inspire other officers across all ranks to the path of police professionalism. “Most importantly, you should cascade the skills you have acquired to the enhancement of your capacity to dissect and manage complex law enforcement situations. “As the pacesetting Alumni of NIPS, I charge you to fly the flag of the institute with pride and to promote the great values of the institution,” he said. According to him, the goal of NIPS was to ensure that the best available evidence of what works is accessible for security leaders, policy makers and executives when making administrative and operational decisions. The I-G called on the institute to collaborate with academics, security agencies, international and nongovernmental organizations to commission and produce robust, authentic and credible researches on priority areas for policing. He said urged the institute to also engage in comparative policing by collating and sharing the best available evidence from assessments of current policing practice in Nigeria and across the world. Adamu said the idea was to keep in tune with global policing dynamics towards raising the standard of policing and engendering improved service delivery by the Nigeria Police and other law enforcement agencies. In his remark, the Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Muhammad Dingyadi congratulated and commended the participants for the manner they conducted themselves throughout the two months programme. He said the passing out of the participants was timely in view of the present challenges facing the Nigeria Police. Dingyadi urged the participants to imbibe the spirit of professionalism and good sense of leadership and also, be good representatives of the institute.