The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has opened its orientation camp in Ebonyi for corps members with free COVID -19 test for corps members, officials.  The orientation camp was batch ‘B’ Stream ‘1A’ with strict adherence to all COVID-19 protocols. Mrs Ngozi Ukwuoma, Corps Public Relations Officer (PRO) in Ebonyi confirmed this to newsmen on Wednesday in Abakaliki. She said the Old MacGregor College Permanent Orientation camp in the State opened on Monday with free COVID -19 test for all staff and prospective corps members for the compulsory one year national service. According to her, all camp officials including the State Coordinator, Mrs Mercy Bamai and all prospective corps members took the COVID-19 test before they were allowed into the camp. “All other COVID -19 safety protocols are strictly adhered to on camp by the members of the camp community,” Ukwuoma said. She added that due to the COVID-19 protocol which stipulated physical distancing, the number of prospective corps members deployed to the state was lower than previous batches. “We are expecting about 650 prospective Corps members unlike before when we used to have between 1,000 and 2,000 corps members,” she said. She said the situation also affected the registration process as it was staggered so as to maintain the safety protocols. “The registration which started on Monday is to last till Friday as we staggered it so as to maintain social distancing and to avoid crowding at any given time,” she explained. Bamai, who also spoke to newsmen, said that in compliance to the NCDC protocol on COVID-19 that two-metre spacing distance was being implemented at all activities in the camp. “The two-metre spacing stipulation is adhered to at the hostels’ beds spacing, at the camp ground, auditorium, during registration and every other activities in camp, ” she said. She added that five concrete washing hand points have been provided in the camp in addition to the normal washing hand points. “From the camp gate, you are required to wash and sanitize your hands with water, soap and sanitiser. “Then your temperature is taken before you proceed for registration and COVID-19 testing,” she said. She noted that so far none of those tested have tested positive. The coordinator emphasised that measures were put in place to ensure that any person who tested positive in the camp was properly taken care of. “If anyone tests positive, we have put in place a procedure to ensure the person is properly taken care of in the camp’s isolation bay,” she said. She said the Director General of the NYSC, Brig. Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim put the protocols in place because of his avowed policy of safeguarding all staff and corps members at all times.