Whatever your plans are this June, Domino’s Pizza, Cold Stone Creamery and Pinkberry Yoghurt got you covered amazing and mouthwatering deals all through the month of June. This June brings more good news on your favour family with the best food in town is back with more amazing deals and offers that you can’t get anywhere else. Whether you are staying at home, or off on your daily grind, your best companion is definitely a hot delicious box of Domino’s pizza, a sweet creamy cup of Cold Stone ice-cream and a light and refreshing swirly cup of gourmet Pinkberry frozen yoghurt. The food brands are rolling out the best and most affordable offers for the most delicious, mouthwatering treats you can enjoy right from the comfort of your home. “Domino’s Pizza brings the heat by reducing their delivery limit to just N2,000 and whether you are at home, office or anywhere else they will literally bring these offers to your doorstep while maintaining their ZERO contact delivery policy to keep you safe”. Their classic saver’s deal, you can enjoy any BBQ Chicken, BBQ Beef, Meat Pie, Chicken pie starting from N1,700 only. They are also offering a rainy deal which allows you chillax with any Medium Chicken Suya, Beef Suya, Sweet N Hot Pizza and any bread side order, 60cl Sprite from N3500. Cold Stone maximizes it’s indulgence with amazing offers that you, your squad, family our just anybody can enjoy, starting with their delicious vale deals ranging from 1k, 1.5k, 2k &3k, a buy One Get One free offer up for grabs throughout June, plus a sweet weekend rainy day deal to brighten up a rainy day, where you get 25% off on any Love it CYO when it rains. And there is more from the gourmet makers in the house. Be a part of the elite Pinkberry movement with delicious, sweet and healthy treats. Enjoy the Swirly Treat Plus Deal – 4 cups of the delicious Pinnacolada and Greek original flavours for just N2500 and also get the amazing Super Savers Deal – 2 small cups of original and salted caramel flavor for as low as N1000 from the 15th – 18th June!! Pinkberry Frozen Yogurt wants you to enjoy so much more, at an affordable price of course. Pinkberry & Cold Stone are now available for direct online order via Jumia Food Order here for swirly goodness: Pinkberry & Cold Stone for Maximum indulgence. Treat yourself! Excite your taste buds! You deserve it! Don’t miss out on the best deals from the best plugs, follow them for more exciting offers this month!!