The Corp Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps, (FRSC), Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, has tasked Commanding Officers to approach the enforcement of the Presidential directives with all vigour.  The Corps Public Education Officer, Mr Bisi Kazeem, disclosed this in a statement released to our reporter on Wednesday in Abuja. It was reported that President Muhammadu Buhari had approved the recommendations of the Presidential Task Force on the commencement of the Phase II of eased lockdown, spanning from June 2 to June 29. Oyeyemi said the call was necessary in order to flatten the curve of the deadly pandemic in the country. According to him, the directive is to further reiterate FRSC’s commitment towards sustaining existing collaborations with the national, subnational governments and key stakeholders in the fight against the Coronavirus (COVID-19) He said it was to further ensure that the order on restrictions were diligently and effectively enforced with all sense of professionalism, civility and resilience. He charged commanding officers to ensure adequate deployment of personnel on all routes. “As the nation moves into the second phase of the eased lockdown regime, personnel must show diligence. “They must ensure total enforcement of inter state travels, compulsory use of non medical facemasks and physical distancing, amongst motorists,” he said. Oyeyemi decried the alarming upsurge in deaths and spread of the virus across the country, which he said had become a major priority operation of the corps. He ordered commanding officers to ensure the full utilisation of the work force through effective deployment of personnel to arrest without hesitation. “Any motorist who contravenes the national orders by overloading their vehicles, violating directives on inter state travels and compulsory use of facemasks would be sanctioned. “Commanding Officers must ensure that the vehicles are impounded and the occupants handed over to the Police for prosecution in the Court of Law for contravening the Presidential Orders. “Except the vehicles and the occupants were accredited essential workers with proof of identification, conveying agricultural produce, manufactured goods or petroleum products,”he said. Oyeyemi called on the public to take advantage of FRSC’s numerous public relations platform to report any driver sighted violating the Presidential orders. “The public is hereby directed to call Centre through the toll free line: 122 or the studio of the National Traffic Radio, 107.1 FM through the telephone lines: 08052998090 and 09067000015 for immediate action.