A Peoples’ Democratic Party(PDP) governorship aspirant in Ondo State, Mr Banji Okunomo, has advised against monetising the party’s July 22 primary election.  Okunomo gave the advice while speaking with our reporter in Akure on Wednesday. Okunomo said some aspirants believed in the power of money to buy party delegates and advised against using money as a benchmark for choosing the party’s governorship candidate. He urged the electorate to rather carry out objective analysis of the aspirants’ pedigree on what he could offer when he becomes a governor. “My advice to all delegates is that they should be wary of bad and emergency politicians who come to run because they have money to buy their votes and when they possibly win, they forget them. “The electorate should not shy away from judging the antecedent of aspirants because the antecedent of those aspiring determines what they are going to do possibly when they get into office. “And ensuring that anybody that will emerge must have strong view as a functional and efficient manager of people and resources,” the PDP aspirant said. He added that the party needed a professional that was technically skillful and capable to understand economic and financial components of governance. “To be a good leader and archiver is not by quantum of certificates that you acquire or by self glorification or title you hold but by your content. “Content of your character, intellectual possession, administrative, managerial skills and capabilities to be able to run a good government,” he said. Okunomo, who was a former Chairman of Ilaje Local Government, promised to embrace all other aspirants and unite the party if he emerged PDP candidate for the October 10 election. “Failure is not in my dictionary, rather success is what is in my dictionary but if otherwise, I’ll give glory to God and life continues,” he said. The PDP governorship aspirant promised to give adequate priority to agriculture by providing incentives to various farmers’ groups for optimum food production, if elected.