In the months since COVID-19 was first reported in Nigeria, rippling effects with devastating impacts have been felt across the global economy and on individual livelihood. Based on this, Women at Rick International Foundation (WARIF) has helped communities during the Covid-19 outbreak and successfully completed first cycle of its rural sensitization program. According to the founder of WARIF, Dr Kemi DaSilva – Ibru , the NGO aims to impact one Million lives and as far has successfully influenced 340,000 people this year. For rural households, the impact of the virus will likely be felt first in compromised livelihoods. The health impact, however, cannot be overlooked or understated. With the gradual ease of the lockdown coupled with a fast-rising number of reported cases, Women at Risk International Foundation (WARIF), one of the nation’s foremost NGOs tackling the prevalence of gender-based violence in Nigeria, have observed that the pandemic and disruption of the present moment is one which requires efficient sensitization on safety protocols for survival while also addressing the prevalence of domestic and sexual gender-based violence within their communities. Shocking statistics by WARIF revealed that domestic violence has surged since the initial period of the coronavirus lockdown. This led to the NGO re-opening its centre to cater to survivors of sexual violence. This decision was made after the NGO observed a 64 per cent increase in call cases, during the lockdown mandated by the Federal Government in March 2020. The Founder of WARIF, voiced the need for a more aggressive sensitization scheme for rural communities – “There is an urgent need for rural communities to be sensitized about these pandemics as they have little access to adequate healthcare facilities. Building on this, WARIF has become more concerned with sensitizing rural communities around the state about the pandemic, Dr Kemi DaSilva-Ibru said. Through a recently launched Covid-19 response initiative, the NGO commenced a one-month sensitization program designed to engage women in grassroots communities. She further explained that, the relevance of initiatives like this cannot be overemphasized, as programs targeted at the most vulnerable individuals within the society ultimately influence the greater good of the society. It is all about education, information and sensitization; and individuals, government and non-governmental organizations (NGO) all play a critical role in making sure the right information and materials get to the people within these communities. In response to this urgent consequence of the pandemic, WARIF has also implemented safety planning protocols to assist survivors in need of help, Dr Kemi DaSilva-Ibru, said.