Sen. Oluremi Tinubu, representing Lagos Central Senatorial District, has urged Lagos State Government to immortalise her predecessor, Sen. Muniru Muse, who died on Tuesday.  In her tribute to the late senator, Tinubu urged the state government to honour Sen. Muse by sponsoring the Muniru Muse U12 Boys and U15 Girls grassroots football tournament at the state level. She noted that his passion for youth development birthed the Muniru Muse U12 Boys and U15 Girls Soccer Competition, a grassroots football tournament for boys and girls in the Lagos Central Senatorial District. “In his honour, we have continued to sponsor and organize the competition for the last eight years. “At the last competition, however, Mr Governor indicated a willingness to take on the competition and organize it at State level for wider reach. “This, I think is a good way to honour a great Son of Lagos,” she said. Tinubu, in her condolence message on Wednesday, described Muse as a “grassroots politician in every sense of the word.” It was reported that Muse, 81, represented Lagos Central Senatorial District in the 6th Assembly between 2007 and 2011. The Senator extended her condolences to his Apapa Constituency, Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the government and people of Lagos State. According to her, Muse demonstrated true leadership, was easily accessible and related well with people. She said: “Senator Muse was an excellent gentleman, astute administrator, committed Nigerian and devout Muslim. “We had a good relationship borne of mutual respect. We were in regular touch and communicated a week ago. “Until his demise, Senator Muse continued to show uncanny team spirit and interest in the development of Lagos Central,” she said. Tinubu added that Sen. Muse supported and often attended in person the various initiatives and activities of the Senatorial District. Tinubu prayed God to comfort his family at this moment. “He will be greatly missed by all of us, particularly the people of Apapa Local Government, Lagos Central Senatorial District, Lagos State and Nigeria as a whole. “I pray that God grants the soul of Sen. Muse eternal rest,” she said.