The National Council for Democratic Development (NCDD), a Non-Governmental (NGO), has lauded the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC), for successful execution of President MuhammaduBuhari’s anti-corruption war.  This is contained in a statement released by Mr Nwaeze Onu, the Executive Director NCDD, in Enugu on Monday. In the statement, the NGO attributed the EFCC achievements to the steadfastness of its acting chairman, Mr Ibrahim Magu, to prosecute alleged corrupt persons in the country and recover stolen funds to the FG. Onu, who was the All Progressives Congress (APC’s) candidate in Ebonyi South Senatorial district in 2019 elections, frowned at the request by Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami, for Magu’s sack. He stated that Malami had premised his recommendation for the sack of the acting chairman of EFCC on frivolous and unsubstantiated claims of insubordination and misconduct. Onu, however, said that the country had witnessed the tremendous commitment displayed by the Acting Chairman of EFCC, in whose guard President Buhari anti-corruption campaign had successfully been fought. He said the organisation was constrained to issue the statement to ensure that activities of EFCC were not personalised or hampered. The executive director said that as an important institution in Buhari’s commitment to sanitise governance the commission should not be distracted or forced to succumb to some agenda. Onu added that the allegations coming now when there had been evidence of tremendous success in the fight against corruption in Nigeria under Magu’s leadership would only serve as a distraction. According to him, it will try to demean efforts so far made by the commission. “We note that the success so far could not have come without the trust and support from President Buhari. “By the report from the Justice Minister, what it can only create is an atmosphere where the support and trust of President Buhari, which is integral, may be affected or questioned. “From the enormous road blocks against the nomination and screening of Ibrahim Magu, one can only acknowledge and appreciate his sacrifice. “Hence the need to stand up for him in yet another calculated attempt to push him away,” he said. He, therefore, appealed that Magu should be allowed to deliver Buhari’s anti corruption war especially now that the vision of Mr President was clearly on course on EFCC’s anti corruption war.