Access Bank Plc has unveiled a digital lending portal tagged ‘Cash flow Loans by Access’ to provide access to finance for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) to grow and expand their businesses.  Mr Victor Etuokwu, Access Bank Executive Director, Retail Banking, said the digital lending portal was part of its effort to provide access to finance for SMEs. Etuokwu said in a statement in Lagos on Wednesday that ‘Cash flow Loans by Access’ would enable business owners to access loans easily from the comfort of their homes via an online platform while staying safe. “This new service, is accessible to all small and medium enterprise customers who have established sufficient cash flow records with the bank,’’ he stated. Etuokwu noted that the bank would continue to impact SMEs positively to ensure economic growth and development. “In a period like this, when we need to be more present and relevant in the lives of our customers than ever. “We have risen to the challenge to ensure business owners have easy access to funds to sustain and expand their businesses while keeping safe. “We are committed to not only providing uninterrupted service but superior service to meet the needs of all our customer segments.” He said that the bank developed the digital lending platform to make loan application more convenient with flexible collateral, favourable interest rates, application tracking, robust customer service and much more. “We have been focused on providing solutions targeted at boosting the economy because we believe it is our responsibility to contribute to the stimulation of economic growth. “With the launch of cash flow loans by Access, we are renewing our commitment to providing the much needed financial support to SMEs,” he said. Access Bank is recognised as one of the most innovative financial institutions in Africa. With over 40 million customers and 600 branches nationwide, it offers a range of products and services tailored to suit needs and lifestyle of its customers across multiple segments.