Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila on Wednesday urged members of his Surulere Federal Constituency 1 to adhere strictly to all prescribed measures against COVID 19 in order to be safe from the virus.  The speaker made the call during an online interaction with community groups and leaders in his constituency. It was reported that prominent leaders in the constituency including Lagos lawmaker, Mr Desmond Elliot; a former Commissioner in the state, Mr Agboola Dabiri; a former Chairman of Surulere Local Government Area, Mr Hakeem Dickson participated in the interaction. Gbajabiamila said it was imperative that constituents and Nigerians at large adhere to measures like social distancing, use of face masks and others in order to keep a lid on the spread of the virus. “I want to urge you all to adhere strictly to protocols and measures against COVID 19 in order to be safe from COVID 19. “You need to observe social distancing, wear face masks and adhere to other prescribed measures to curb the spread of the virus,” he said. Gbajabiamila described COVID -19 as an unfortunate phase in national and world’s history, expressing the optimism that the virus would soon belong to the past. He praised frontline health workers for daring to take all the risks in order to save humanity from the pandemic. The speaker said he was concerned about the issue of unpaid hazard allowances to health workers in the state and that he would liaise with Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu on resolving the issue. He offered to pay N2.25million, being 50 per cent of the hazard allowances owed health workers at Randle General Hospital in Surulere. Gbajabiamila praised the management of the hospital for rendering qualitative health services to the people, promising to always support the facility whichever way he could. On issues raised on security by some community leaders, the speaker said he would meet with relevant authorities on how security could be strengthened in the affected communities. He also said he would liaise with authorities at the council area to sort out the issue of arbitrary levies alleged by traders in Akerele market. Gbajabiamila thanked all constituents for their consistent support, saying he was not taking their support for him for granted. He said the online interaction was to maintain proximity with his constituents in the face of COVID-19 pandemic in order to listen to their challenges and act. The speaker said he would sustain the interaction and would continue to serve the people of Surulere 1. Earlier, Medical Director of Randle General Hospital, Mrs Aduke Odunayo, thanked Gbajabiamila for his consistent support for the facility, especially the provision of free Wi-Fi and solar power system. Odunayo also thanked the speaker for undertaking to pay 50 per cent of the hazard allowances owed frontline health workers in the facility. “However we are in dire need of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), face masks and other items essential for our workers in the face of COVID-19 pandemic,” she said . Speaking, Mrs Joy Oristesan, Chairman, Shomade Community Development Association, commended Gbajabiamila for the provision of COVID-19 palliatives to the people of the community. Oristsesan said the community was better with the provision of transformer and solar power system by the speaker. She said that the community would continue to support Gbajabiamila in his political journeys, while praying to God to always guide him. Mrs Clementina Olori, President, Adire Fabric Marketers at Akerele market, thanked the speaker for the provision of COVID-19 palliatives for the women in the area. She, however, decried the poor security at Akerele market, urging the speaker to help with solution to frequent breaking into stores by hoodlums. “We also want the speaker to help with multiple levies by the council on things like TV and arbitrary confiscation of parked vehicles by LASTMA in Akerele,” she said. A Councillor, Mrs Barakat Akande, speaking on behalf of the councillors in the area, thanked Gbajabiamila for all he had done for the people of Surulere 1. She described Gbajabiamila as a role model and a blessing for the people of Surulere. It was reported that the Chairman of Surulere Local Government Area, Mr Tajudeen Ajide, was also part of the online interaction with the speaker. The interaction was moderated by Mr Olanrewaju Smart, Special Adviser to the Speaker on Political Matters.