The Police Service Commission (PSC) has endorsed the report of the Special Panel of Enquiry set up by the Commissioner of Police in Enugu State.  It was reported that enquiry was over alleged brutality by some police personnel in the state. Mr Ikechukwu Ani, the Head, Press and Public Relations of the commission, disclosed this in a statement on Thursday in Abuja. He said the alleged brutality of workers took place at the Women Aid Collective (WACOL) office in the state. Ani said the report recommended that the police officers, who are directly involved in the incident, be made to face full disciplinary measures to serve as deterrent to others. He said the report also recommended that stakeholders should avoid exhibiting overbearing attitudes on police officers in the discharge of their duties. Ani said the commission had earlier received a petition from WACOL requesting it to bring the police officers involved in the alleged brutality of its workers to book. According to him, after a review of the report of the panel, the commission is satisfied that it followed due process and made implementable recommendations. “It called on stakeholders to join the commission in its effort to ensure that the police are responsive to the citizens’ distress calls and ensure respect for their constitutionally guaranteed rights. “The commission also cautioned against sensationalism in reporting alleged misconduct against the police,” he said. Ani urged Civil Society Groups to place unreserved confidence in the resolve and determination of the Commission to hold the Police accountable for their actions. “The commission has recently issued a Policy which it is currently implementing to hold individual police officers personally accountable for excessive use of force and abuse of office. “The enforcement of this Policy will enhance sanity in police operations as well as ensure transparency and accountability,” he added. Ani said the outcome of the Special Panel Report had demonstrated the workability of the internal disciplinary mechanism.