The immediate past Governor of Oyo State, Sen. Abiola Ajimobi, has described his predecessor, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala, as a quintessential politician, who has contributed immensely to the fortunes of the state and the All Progressives Congress (APC).  In a congratulatory message to Alao-Akala, who clocked 70, Ajimobi, the Deputy National Chairman of the APC (South), said that Alao-Akala was a pillar in the party and the state. According to Ajimobi, Alao-Akala left indelible footprints as governor of the state. “On behalf of my family, I felicitate with my dear brother, Otunba Adebayo Alao-Akala, a former governor and a pillar of our great party, (APC) in Oyo State, on the joyous occasion of his 70th birthday celebration. “As a former governor of our dear state, you have contributed immensely to the growth of the pacesetter state, and as a politician, your advice and contributions to the party have been invaluable. “As an indigene of Oyo State, your actions have shown deep love for the people of the state in your words and deeds. “As you join the elders club, here is wishing you many more years of sound health and greater contributions to Oyo State and the country,” Ajimobi said. Also, the state chapter of the APC congratulated the former governor on attaining the age of 70. In a statement signed by its Chairman, Chief Akin Oke, the state chapter said that Alao-Akala had contributed immensely to the state. It described the former governor as a rallying point for numerous party members. “The All Progressives Congress, Oyo State Chapter, heartily congratulates Otunba Adebayo Alao-Akala, a pillar of support and Chairman of the Reconciliation Committee of the All Progressives Congress, Oyo State. “As a former governor, you have contributed immensely to the progress of Oyo State. You have also been a rallying point for our numerous party faithful. “As you celebrate this landmark birthday, we can only wish you more vigour in the service of our party, our state and the country,” it said.