The Nigeria Governor’s Forum (NGF) on Sunday paid tribute to late former Oyo State Gov. Abiola Ajimobi as his remains were interred in Ibadan.  It was reported that the NGF delegation was led by its Chairman, Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State. Other governors on the delegation are Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi, Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State, Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa and Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, who was represented by his deputy, Rauf Olaniyan. Fayemi described late Ajimobi as an ultimate bridge builder, who was always seeking to pull people together to organise a better country as well as build bridge across divides. The governor who narrated his connection with the state from birth until date, said as a governor, the late Ajimobi was one of the best ever in the state. “He governed this state for eight years and in this sense, you can call him the architect of modern Oyo state. I can tell you without any shadow of a doubt that he was one of the best governors ever. “But that is not what sells him to the broader generality of his brothers, it was his unique character. He was an ultimate bridge builder. He was a connector at all time. He was an advisor to us all. “He was always seeking a way to pull people together to organise a better country and build bridge across divides. That is what many of us will remember him for,” he said. Fayemi said that it would be very difficult to fill the gap late Ajimobi occupied in their party, adding that he was someone they could always call upon to build a more peaceful, purposeful and results-oriented party. “As a delegation of governors that have come to honor him, and honor his family, we know that it would be very difficult to fill the gap that he occupied in our party. “As someone we could always call upon to help build a more peaceful, a more purposeful, a more result oriented party. He excelled in private sector and also excelled in public sector. “He was one person who successfully demystify the notion that technocrats are not good in politics. He was a technocrat,” he said. Fayemi said that the late Ajimobi was a lovely family man, nationalist to the core and unapologetic federalist.