The Journalists International Forum For Migration, (JIFORM) has congratulated, Chief Mrs Aminat Titilayo Abubakar, the wife of former vice president of Nigeria, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar as she clocked 70. The former VP’s wife, Her Excellency Aminat Titilayo Abubakar, an Osun State indigene was born on June 6, 1949. According to a statement issued by the JIFORM President, Ajibola Abayomi on Monday in Lagos, he described her as a philanthropist, achiever and a foremost anti-human trafficking advocate whose initiative led to the creation of National Agency for Prohibition of Trafficking In Persons (NAPTIP), by the Federal Government of Nigeria in 2000. As contained in the JIFORM tribute, the body with over 200 journalists spread across the continents focusing on migration reporting said: “At this matured age, we recognise your immense contributions to the growth of humanity in several endeavours beyond the shores of Nigeria. “We identify with your legacies as one of the true caring mothers of the nation especially your passion for fight against irregular migration and human trafficking. We recall your laudable and novel initiative that led to the founding of the foremost Women Trafficking And Child Labour Eradication Foundation (WOTCLEF) on October 19, 1999. “As you advance in age, it is with joy and sense of fulfillment that we remind you that WOTCLEF apart awakening the Nigerian government to institutionalise fight against human trafficking through the establishment of National Agency for Prohibition of Trafficking In Persons (NAPTIP) in the year 2000 has been preventing such menace, rescuing thousands and helping to rehabilitating countless victims of human trafficking within and outside Nigeria. “We have followed with keen interest the operations of WOTCLEF structured to Rescue and Rehabilitation of victims, Psycho-Social Support, Advocacy, Public Enlightenment, Reproductive and Sexual Health, and Youth Development.” Ajibola noted that : “Nigeria, Africa and indeed the rest of the world are reaping the benefits of Anti-Human Trafficking, Child Labour Eradication, Rescue, Rehabilitation, Re-integration, Advocacy, Human Rights, Education, Eradicating Gender-Based Violence, Women Empowerment, and Youth Empowerment you initiated as the wife of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar while in office. “Through that action, history remains kind to you for setting the pace for the Nigerian and other African governments to focus energies on the neglected youths on the continents being misled through human trafficking. What a great visioner, you are. “We are indeed proud of your philanthropic gestures as a true patriot. While you were in office as first lady, you exhibited a detribalized agenda and joined forces with the nobles to fight a good course. “Your footprints remain challenging record to others to learn how to live especially for the less privilege. While looking forward to induct you into the global hall of fame as foremost anti-human trafficking advocate in due course, JIFORM wishes you more years in good health and prosperity as you age with grace.”