Sen. Istifanus Gyang, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), representing Plateau North Senatorial District at the Senate, on Friday distributed tricycles, sewing and grinding machines to people in the area, to empower them economically.  Gyang, while flagging-off the distribution of the materials, said the gesture was also meant to celebrate the Democracy Day and mark his one year anniversary as a senator. “Equally very important is for me to say thank you to the people of Plateau North, who accepted the calling and prompting of God, for me to serve the people. “Through your goodwill and support, I am today your representative and I say thank you. “And as I thank God for this occasion, I felt that there should be something to show for this journey so far. “I have purposely set out three things to achieve; to secure Plateau North on the platform of peace, to reconcile the people through dialogue and to empower them,” he said. Gyang described the women on the Plateau as industrious, adding that being a woman should not be regarded as being less human. He said that the Plateau women would go the extra mile to crack stones, just to earn a living and train their children. According him, the materials distributed are to boost their income generating capacity. The lawmaker told the gathering that he recently distributed fertiliser to farmers, to boost their yield in the area. Gyang said he had constructed a 90-shop market for traders in Riyom among other projects. It was reported that the items distributed by Sen. Gyang include 77 sewing machines, 44 grinding machines and 10 tricycles. Mr Yakubu Gwott, Acting State Chairman, PDP, said that the gesture was in line with the PDP’s belief in the transformation of the lives of the people. Gwott said the party was fully in support of the legislator, describing his contributions in the National Assembly as exemplary. Mr Francis Bot, former chief of staff Government House, Jos, advised those who had left the party in search of food to return home. He said that the future would be very bright. According to him, PDP is beyond food, but a family that builds relationships for the good of the land they love. Mrs Rifkatu Ezekiel, one of the beneficiaries, thanked Gyang and his wife for assisting the less privileged. Ezekiel prayed God to grant the lawmaker his heart’s desires.