A former governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi, has described the death of Chief Samuel Akindele, the state’s APC Vice-Chairman, as the loss of a “pillar of support.”  Ajimobi said this on Monday while paying tribute to Akindele in a statement signed his media aide, Bolaji Tunji. It was reported that Akindele died on Sunday, a few days after the party lost the pioneer chairman of the defunct Action Congress of Nigeria, Pa Samuel Farinu, and another leader, Pa Salaudeen Adelere. Ajimobi said the death of Akindele was a personal loss, adding that the late politician was a pillar of support in his political odyssey. According to him, Akindele was a progressive to the core who remained active and never wavered in his ideology. “He identified with, served and nurtured progressive ideas and ideals from the time of the late sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, till he breathed his last,” Ajimobi said. The former governor said that the late politician was a repository of progressive history who would be missed for his wisdom, candour and counsel which were always laced with proverbs and witticism. “He was one of the pillars of development who rendered selfless service to the state. “His robust contribution to the development of Oyo town, Oyo State and by extension Nigeria cannot be overemphasised. “He was an uncle, brother and father figure for us in the progressives fold. His only concerns have been the development of Oyo state,” he said. Ajimobi said Akindele’s death would create a vacuum that would be difficult to fill for a long time. He also expressed his condolences to the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, over the death of Akindele. “My heartfelt condolences to Iku Baba Yeye, the Alaafin of Oyo, the people of Oyo, his immediate family and members of our party (APC) on the death of this illustrious son of Oyo. May his soul rest in peace,”he said. Similarly, Sen. Teslim Folarin (APC- Oyo Central) and Sen. Abdulfatai Buhari (APC- Oyo North) described Akindele’s death as a great loss to Oyo State and Nigeria at large. Folarin, in a statement signed by his media aide, Yekeen Olaniyi, expressed shock, sadness and regret over the death of “another staunch Awoist” in the state. The former senate leader said Akindele would be sorely missed by the progressives, APC and the people of Oyo town. “I feel deeply sad and shattered to learn of the death of our father and great leader, Chief SM Akindele. Baba was an Awoist all through his lifetime. His contributions to progressives causes were laudable.” “He was quite steadfast and dogged in defence of good governance as well as progressive politicking in Nigeria. His death has robbed the progressives family of one of its eloquent defenders. “Baba passed on at a time when his wealth of experience and qualitative leadership would have been useful to the reconciliation agenda of Oyo APC,” he said. He commiserated with Akindele’s family, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, the Alaafin of Oyo, APC and the people of Oyo, praying the deceased’s soul find solace in the bosom of God. Buhari, in a statement he personally signed, described Akindele as a man who spent his life to serve God and contribute immensely to the advancement of humanity through his progressive path in politics. He prayed God to grant the deceased eternal rest and give the family as well as friends the fortitude to bear the loss.