Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state, has restated his administration commitment toward ending Banditry and other criminal activities across the state.  According to him, the gesture is beyond political. Tambuwal who spoke at the distribution of the state relief materials to victims of Sabon Birni Banditry attack in Sabon Birni local government area, said the security challenge in the country was above personal interest. The governor, represented by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Malam Sa’idu Umar, said that there was the need for all hands to be on deck to ensure a peaceful atmosphere for regular activities to succeed. “When it comes to security, we keep politics aside and concentrate to ensure we provide all that is needed to support and protect our people. “However, people should not join politics with security, as we are all aware that the Banditry or kidnapping doesn’t affect people from one political party or the other but the entire society. “Therefore, we should keep away politics and concentrate on how we will together as brothers and sisters fight our common enemies. “Moreover, the relief materials brought by the government were meant for the victims of the Banditry attack not for political parties,” he said. Tambuwal further urged the people to intensify prayers for the government as well as security agencies and call for more support to enable them succeed. Earlier, the Special Adviser to the governor on State Emergency and Disaster Management Agency, Alhaji Zubairu Albadau, said that more than 3,600 bags of grains and thousands of other relief materials would be distributed to the victims. Albadau said that the materials include 1,200 bags of Rice, 600 bags each of Millet, Guinea Corn, Maize and Gari, 2,000 sets each of mosquito net, mats and mattresses, 200 cartons of soap, textile materials and vegetable oil. He added that about 9,775 victims were attacked, with 1,207 presently at the Internally Displaced Camp (IDP). Also speaking, the state Assembly member representing Sabon Birni South Constituency, Alhaji Sa’idu Ibrahim (APC- Sabon Birni South), thanked the state government for the gesture. Ibrahim commended the security agencies for restoring peace in the area, saying that their dedication would remain unforgettable in the minds of the people and prayed for more peaceful environment to ensure constant development in the area. The local government Sole Administrator, Alhaji Jelani Danbuga, commended the state government for the gesture and promised to ensure the items were given to those it was meant for. Some of the beneficiaries who spoke to our reporter thanked the state government for helping them and prayed that God would guide our leaders in the discharging their responsibility.