Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra says there are currently eight active COVID-19 cases being treated at Protective Care Centres in the state.  The governor also said 69 persons were on home isolation while two others were at the state’s quarantine facility. Obiano who disclosed this in a special broadcast to the state on Tuesday in Awka, said his administration was making efforts to enhance the testing capacity of the state for coronavirus. He said he had signed the COVID-19 Bill, which made not wearing face mask a punishable offence with fine and community service. “As it stands now, we have eight patients in our Protective Care Centers, we also have 69 individuals on home quarantine and two individuals in the quarantine facility. “We are ramping up our testing capacity to ensure that we slow down the spread of this pandemic in our dear state. “The COVID-19 Committees that we have set up in Wards and Local Government Areas across Anambra are helping us in driving the campaign to every nook and cranny of the state. “I will like to assure you that we have made adequate arrangements to handle the challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. “As you are probably aware, on Thursday last week, I signed the COVID-19 Bill into law. Under this law, it is an offence to be seen in public without a face mask. “The offence attracts a fine of N10, 000 or some hours of community service, I will like to re-emphasise that my administration is determined to enforce this law,” he said. Obiano urged traders and religious leaders not to relax in ensuring that their members continued to adhere to the COVID-19 safety protocols while noting that it had been observed that most of them had jettisoned the safety measures. He urged healthcare institutions to set up holding centres to keep patients who exhibited symptoms of the virus to check the possibility of spreading it in Anambra. “I want to warn that we may consider shutting down the markets if this trend is not halted with immediate effect, I have also received similar reports from churches and other religious groups in the state, most of whom have discarded wearing of face masks. “Every hospital in Anambra must set up a mini holding ward where patients whose samples have been taken for COVID-19 test can be kept while the result of the test is awaited. “This approach will minimise the chances of patients spreading the virus through multiple contacts. “All members of the Nigerian Medical Association practicing in Anambra are expected to inform the Ministry of Health once they collect samples of suspected COVID-19 patients for testing. “A situation where some members collect samples and send to testing centers on their own is no longer allowed,” he said.