The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), says it has relocated its Corporate Headquarters to the nation’s Federal Capital, Abuja, in compliance with the directive of the Federal Government.  The General Manager, Public Affairs, Mr Sam Adurogboye, made this known in a statement on Thursday in Lagos. It was reported that the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, had on May 4, in a memo to all the agencies gave an ultimatum for the relocation. Adurogboye said the agency, as a regulatory body, was the first to comply with the directive, as a way of encouraging others to follow suit. “The NCAA, however, wishes to place on record, its regrets to all her customers, especially the general public, stakeholders and all those whom we serve, for the inconvenience this relocation may have caused,” he said. According to him, the NCAA’s relocation, which was swift and seamless, has seen all its top management staff, including the Director-General, Directors and other critical members of staff move to Abuja. “The importance of the movement is to enhance and facilitate the seamless interface on critical policy issues, between the agency and the parent ministry, the Ministry of Aviation.” “It is especially intended to bridge the gap between the agency, the Ministry and other critical organs of the Federal Government in reaching decisions in real time.” “This will eliminate the bottlenecks usually associated with coordination of activities and efforts within and between large organisations, the result of which has already become manifest.” “There is no denying the fact that this exercise has come with the attendant challenges, especially to staff.” “The authority has, however, been able to address the concerns in such a way that the relocation has been made as seamless as possible,” he said. The NCAA’s spokesman enjoined the general public to henceforth, address all correspondences to the agency’s corporate headquarters, situated at the Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport, Abuja. “Be assured that we will do our best to serve you better in line with our mandate to ensure safer skies in Nigeria,” he said.