The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency ( NDLEA), has said that drug trafficking and abuse are global pandemics that governments needed to tackle like Covid-19.  The NDLEA Lagos State Commander of Nacortics, Mr Ralph Igwenagu, made this known in an interview with our reporter on Friday in Lagos to commemorate the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. The International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking is a United Nations International Day against drug abuse and the illegal drug trade which is marked every June 26. The theme for 2020 International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking is “Better Knowledge for Better Care”. According to Igwenagu, drug trafficking and abuse are other global pandemic because of the repetition of crimes in the global village. He noted that the upsurge in crimes globally could be traced to high drugs sale and consumption. “All the heart bleeding crimes couldn’t have been committed without the use of illicit drugs as enhancers,” he said. The Naccortic commander also said that the command had intermittently secured convictions of illicit drug peddlers in courts in the last five months “I may not be able to give the global statistics of illicit drug peddlers convictions, however, the feelbacks from crimes is enough to draw conclusions,” he said. According to Igwenagu, the United Nations in its 2018 drug survey on Nigeria reveals a high drug prevalence use in Lagos state. “The survery further said that the abuse represents 18 per cent of the total illicit drugs consumed in Nigeria “Lagos state administration, especially, requires a stronger collaboration with the NDLEA to fight the prevalence of drug abuse in the state. He said that the command had secured the conviction of 147 drug offenders from January until date with the convicts sentenced to various terms of imprisonment,” he said. He further said no fewer than 170 drug users were currently going through rehabilitation in the command. The commander said that convictions indicated there were still lots of sellers and buyers, not too far from our immediate environments. He, however, pleaded with all relevant stakeholders, especially the parents, to join the NDLEA in its fight against the use of illegal drugs. He further express special appreciation to the chairman and Chief Executive of NDLEA, Col. Muhhamad Abdallah (rtd), for his unflinching support to Lagos command.