Churches in Osun and Kwara States on Sunday complied with the COVID-19 guidelines for religious gatherings as they opened for services. When our correspondents visited some of the churches in Ilorin, Ile-Ife and its environs, worshippers adhere strictly to physical distancing, the use of face masks, hand sanitiser and temperature checks using the infrared thermometer by volunteers at all the churches visited. In Ilorin churches visited included Christ Apostolic Church Faith Chapel; The Redeemed Christian Church of God Breakthrough Parish; Christ Foundation Bible Church, and World Overcomers Missionary Ministry and members in attendance were not more than 50 persons in attendance at the services. Pastor Tunji Olagoke, the Resident Pastor of World Overcomers Missionary Church, disclosed that it was a great privilege to be able to worship with other believers again. “We want to thank God for today. We have prayed about the lifting of the ban on churches and other religious centres, and God has once again proved Himself to be Jehovah. “It is indeed a happy day for me and as you can see, people are happy to fellowship together again. And we are obeying all government directives because we do not want another ban on religious gathering,” he said. Pastor Olusegun Aiyedogbon of Christ Foundation Bible Church also appreciated God for life, adding that it is a day of thanksgiving. “Who are we that God is mindful of us. He has kept us, we are able to gather together as a family to worship again after almost three months. “We thank God, today is a day of thanksgiving, and we know that in our thanksgiving God is going to heal our land. “We appreciate the government too, for deeming it fit to lift the ban, so that we can once again fellowship together,” he said. in the same vein, Pastor Mathew Adejumo, Chairman, Christ Apostolic Church, Ife District Coordinating Council (DCC), Osun State expressed appreciation that he was grateful that God for making it possible for Christians to congregate again to praise and worship Him. “We thank God that we did not lose any of our members to COVID-19 or recorded any positive case. God is indeed worthy of our praises,” he said. Adejumo said that government’s directive was a welcome development, as it was meant to safeguard the lives of the citizenry, including Christians. He commended the efforts of the state government in putting in place proactive measures to ensure that all citizens were free from the COVID-19 pandemic. “The entire Christ Apostolic Church, Ife DCC, has set up a task force to monitor church services within the district. “We set up the task force to complement government’s efforts and ensure that all branches of CAC comply with the rules and regulations given for reopening worship centres. “We fumigated all our churches yesterday (Saturday) and we have provided all the necessary items, such as thermometer, wash hand basins and hand sanitiser, among others,” he said. Also, Pastor Samson Olaosebikan, Zonal Pastor-in-Charge of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Covenant House of Prayer, Ifewara Road, expressed support to the coronavirus guidelines as regards the reopening of worship centres. “Is not the government that is sitting here for service; it is we, the Christians. So, maintaining social distancing, wearing of facemasks and washing of hands are all for our safety. “COVID-19 is real and we must all stay safe, as government is trying to ensure that the spread of the pandemic is curtailed,” he said. Rev. Father Peter Adeyemi, the Parish Priest, ISS Peter & Paul Catholic Cathedral Church, Lagere, Ile-Ife, said that the church recorded 100 per cent compliance with the guidelines. Adeyemi said that necessary measures had been put in place, adding that only four persons were made to sit on the longest benches hitherto meant for seven persons, to ensure social distancing. He also said that worshippers, who were not wearing facemasks, were not allowed into the church. According to him, religious leaders are responsible for the safety of their members and they will want not want anything untoward to happen to them. “As we are concerned about their salvation, we should also care for their physical protection, because we know the effect of COVID-19 on humanity. “We are promising to take all precautionary measures to safeguard the lives of our members from the killer virus,” he said. Also, Ven. Adesoji Oyedeji, the Canon Residentiary, Cathedral Church of St. Stephen, Itasin, Modakeke, Ife East Area Office, said that the guidelines would keep the worshippers from contacting coronavirus. Other churches visited were Mountain of Fire and Miracle Ministry (MFM), Oduduwa College Road and the Winners’ Chapel, Idi-Omo, Lagere.