The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted thundery and cloudy weather conditions from Saturday to Monday.  NiMet’s weather outlook released on Friday in Abuja stated that cloudy conditions still prevailed across the country. According to it, a few thunderstorms and rains are observed over parts of the North Central and South East. “For Saturday, cloudy conditions with possibilities of overnight thunderstorms are envisaged over southern Yobe, Gombe, and Bauchi in the morning. “Later in the day, few thunderstorms are anticipated over Yola, Taraba, Gombe, Bauchi, Zaria, Gusau, southern Borno and southern Kano. “Central cities are expected to be cloudy with prospects of light thunderstorms over Jos axis during the morning. “There are chances of thunderstorms over high grounds of the region in the afternoon and evening periods,” it said. NiMet predicted a cloudy morning over the south with slim chances of rains over some coastal cities such as Lagos, Ijebu-Ode and Calabar. The agency further predicted the southern region to experience rains during the afternoon and evening periods. “For Sunday, cloudy skies with intervals of sunshine are expected over the north during the morning hours.” “Pockets of thunderstorms are likely over northern region during the afternoon/evening hours. Central cities should anticipate cloudy morning. “Later in the day, most areas over the region will be cloudy with prospects of a few thunderstorms over the high ground areas of the region,” it said. According to it, the South West inland areas will be cloudy, while some South East inland and coastal cities such as Enugu, Abakaliki and Benin will experience morning thunderstorms and rains. NiMet forecast thunderstorms and rains activities over most parts of the southern region in the afternoon and evening periods. “For Monday, the north will experience much cloudiness during morning hours with chances of thunderstorms envisaged over Gombe, Adamawa and Taraba states.” “The northeastern region is likely to experience light thunderstorms during afternoon and evening hours.” “Few thunderstorms are anticipated over some central cities such as Makurdi and Lokoja during the morning, leaving other places under cloudy skies.” “Later in the day, thunderstorms are anticipated over most places in the region. “Residents of the South East along with the coastal cities are expected to experience morning thunderstorms and rains. “There are prospects of thunderstorms over the entire south in the afternoon and evening periods,” it said.