Musician, Fashola Azeez Adeshina aka Naira Marley, has replied the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Executive Jets Services Limited, Sam Iwuajoku, for calling his team “a bunch of useless people”. It was earlier reported that the airline was suspended by the Federal Government for flying the musician and his team to Abuja to attend a concert Naira Marley tweet ” Do you know that 20,000 Marlians travelled with executive jet a month”. We won’t be using your useless airline again for calling us useless. “Thank God we did r crash on that fligh she because we nearly did. BTW we didn’t book the flight ourselves”. “They asked for our names on the jet though and your pilot is a Marlian and everybody there is a Marlian too”.. “My name is Fashola Azeez Adeshina and my younger brother name is Fashola Moshood Babatunde and you are begging me to tag you’all” Naira Marley was accused today in a apology letter issued by The management of Executive Jet Services, the airline company to Nigeria Government. In the letter entitled, “Re: Flight For 13/06/2020 Done By Executive Jets Services Ltd To Abuja”, and directed to Sirika, Iwuajoku explained that he did not know the said passengers were “a bunch of useless people”. He said, “We hereby apologise for the above flight with your permit ref: FMA/ATMD/0175/V/V/1268 dated 11th June 2020. “Please the flight was to carry a judge to Abuja on Sunday, 14th, June 2020 as requested and the permit was granted based on the application but unfortunately, when I called the Judge on Saturday morning to inform him that we have the permit, he then said he has reached Abuja already with a different flight that someone gave him a lift to Abuja. In the letter entitled, “Re: Flight For 13/06/2020 Done By Executive Jets Services Ltd To Abuja”, and directed to Sirika, Iwuajoku explained that he did not know the said passengers were “a bunch of useless people”. He said, “We hereby apologise for the above flight with your permit ref: FMA/ATMD/0175/V/V/1268 dated 11th June 2020. “Please the flight was to carry a judge to Abuja on Sunday, 14th, June 2020 as requested and the permit was granted based on the application but unfortunately, when I called the Judge on Saturday morning to inform him that we have the permit, he then said he has reached Abuja already with a different flight that someone gave him a lift to Abuja. The letter entitled, “Re: Flight For 13/06/2020 Done By Executive Jets Services Ltd To Abuja”, and directed to Sirika, Iwuajoku explained that he did not know the said passengers were “a bunch of useless people”. He said, “We hereby apologise for the above flight with your permit ref: FMA/ATMD/0175/V/V/1268 dated 11th June 2020.