The Nasarawa State House of Assembly says it will not allow anyone to sabotage Gov. Abdullahi Sule’s efforts at improving the standard of education in the state.  Mr Daniel Ogazi (APC-Kokona East), the Chairman of the Committee on Education, Science and Technology, said this when he led other members on an inspection tour of SUBEB school projects on Wednesday in Agwada Development Area of the state. Ogazi, also the Deputy Majority Leader of the Assembly, lauded Sule for his administration’s commitment to the development of the education sector. According to him, “gone are the days you will just collect government money for contract without doing the job. It will not be business as usual.” “Our visit to schools is not to witch-hunt anybody but to ensure that contractors deliver quality works. We are also out to correct any abnormalities,if discovered in project executions. “We also want to ensure that the ongoing construction and renovation of classrooms across the state are up to standards. We will not accept any substandard work done by any contractor. “This committee will not fold its hands to watch contractors sabotage government’s huge investment in the education sector. “We are also going to make all of our observations to the state Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) for the board’s necessary action on erring contractors,” he said. Ogazi however commended the contractor handling the construction of two classrooms at the Local Government Education Authority Karu Mada school for a job well done and urged him to sustain the tempo till completion. He also advised contractors who are yet to complete their jobs according to specifications to do so or risk revocation. The chairman advised communities to take ownership of school projects in their domains to ensure the durability. The chairman of the committee assured of their readiness to collaborate with the Ministry of Education and the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) for improved standard of education. It was reported that some of the schools visited included LGEA pimary school at Tudu, Angwan Gimba, Angwan Pan, Sango Barau, Kar Baru, Bokoko, Apawu, Kana and Endo. Others were the LGEA primary schools at Igwo, Agwada pilot Science primary school and Agbowa primary school.