Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo says abandoning government projects just because one does not like the face of the initiator is a great disservice to the people.  Akeredolu said this on Thursday while commissioning the auditorium, library and Senate building built by his administration at Olusegun Agagu University of Science and Technology (OAUSTECH), Okitipupa. “When we came on board, we met a lot of abandoned projects on ground, including this university that was neglected for good eight years by the past administration. “Abadonement of government projects just because you don’t like the face of the one who initiated it is a great disservice to the people because government is transient. “We will not abadon any project but we will do our best to develop educational infrastructure to raise the standard of education now and if re-elected,” Akeredolu, who is seeking a second term, said. He extolled the virtues of late Dr Olusegun Agagu, a former governor of the state who established the institution. The governor said the late Agagu had a great vision and good intention for establishing the institution. Akeredolu said his administration would continue to do more to raise the standard of education in the state. Mr Olufemi Agagu, the State’s Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology commended Akeredolu for his good intention for education. The commissioner lauded his support for the institution, formerly Ondo State University of Science and Technology (OSUSTECH), which he re-named after late Agagu. He said that the Olusegun Agagu Foundation (OAF) would support the government to ensure that the institution was of good standard and could compete favourably with its peers nationally and internationally. “We need to thank the governor for turning this moribound institution to a great citadel of learning through his passion for education and this institution; the OAF will partner with the government to take it to an enviable height,” Agagu said. Earlier, Prof. Sunday Ogunduyile, the OAUSTECH Vice Chancellor, who also commended Akeredolu, said the institution had recorded gigantic milestones during his administration. He said the institution had increased its facilities, departments and staff strength, which gave the institution recognition by Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) and accredition of programmes by National Universities Commission (NUC). Ogunduyile, however, urged the governor to increase the monthly subvention of the institution and complete the hostels and staff quarters for the security of students and staffers to be guaranteed. NAN reports that government functionaries, political bigwigs, academicians, traditional rulers were among those present at the inauguration, in which COVID-19 protocols and guidelines were strictly adhered to.