The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it has lifted suspension earlier placed on some processes on its platforms to accommodate more requests from candidates who took the UTME prior to 2020.  The board made this known in a statement in Abuja on Sunday by its Public Relations Officer (PRO), Dr Fabian Benjamin. According to him, JAMB lifted suspension on processes covering those years to ensure that candidates who took the exams during the period, and who required certain corrections of their processes are accommodated. “As you may be aware, the need to prevent overcrowding at its Computer-Based Test Centres and other partner facilities, in line with extant COVID -19 protocols issued by relevant agencies, led it to allow candidates to seek corrections and other processes only through the 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) or Direct Entry(DE) platforms. “This measure had the intended effect of limiting the number of persons visiting the centres. “As government continues to ease the lockdown leading to the resumption of students in exit classes, the number of 2020 UTME candidates needing one service or another at the various centres has drastically gone down. “Thus, the board has decided to open up its platforms to accommodate more requests especially from previous years,” he said. According to him, all requests for printing of admission letters, inter-university transfers, condoning of illegitimate admissions and other processes for previous years which had been hitherto suspended will now be restored from Aug. 31. “However, it is to be noted that most of these operations are only available at JAMB offices nationwide. “Furthermore, as the board is desirous of sustaining compliance with COVID-19 protocols, it maintains that 2020 UTME candidates desirous of these services will only be attended to through the Appointment Booking Platform. “They could access it online through their phones to secure a definite date and time for an appointment. “The Board urged all State offices to ensure that all clients comply with all existing COVID -19 protocols.