Lovers of Nollywood and other African movies can now enjoy unlimited access to premium content as Nigeria’s leading Video on Demand and live TV streaming platform, Airtel TV has added popular channels, African Movie Channel (AMC Movies), AMC Series and Nolly Africa to its robust catalogue. Fans looking to consume movie content from both within and outside the Nollywood spectrum on Airtel TV can enjoy AMC Movies, a deluxe African movies channel, offering a wide variety of rich content to viewers, consisting primarily of Nollywood movies, and also movies from other flourishing movie industries across the continent. The channel is popular for showing only the best African movies as it identifies desirable content with compelling narratives which audiences can resonate with. AMC Movies is undoubtedly one of Africa’s most recognized and most popular entertainment channels, offering 24-hour access to a selection of Africa’s most successful and critically acclaimed movies to a diverse and wide-ranging audience across sub-Saharan Africa. For enthusiasts of talk shows, magazine shows, and TV series, AMC Series will be one of the fan- favorites on the Airtel TV platform, as the channel showcases some of the best and award- winning TV soaps, comedy and drama series Nollywood has to offer, including exclusive movies from African Movie Channel’s very own production division, AMCOP – AMC Original Productions. AMC Series also shows high-quality urban content from all over Africa, giving viewers non-stop entertainment with content cutting across magazine shows, reality productions and a slate of exclusive movies. Nolly Africa is popular for its focus on showing carefully curated classic and premium English and non-English language Nollywood movies and series to viewers across sub-Saharan Africa. The channel is also known for showcasing the cultural and aesthetic significance of Nollywood. These three channels serve as exciting additions to the extensive Airtel TV catalogue, where Airtel customers have thousands of top-quality entertainment content to choose from, across various channels, including Hollywood blockbusters, music videos, sports, among others. To enjoy Airtel TV, customers can download the app on Google Play Store and Apple Store then launch and click “Register”. Once registration is complete, customers can browse through the catalogue and stream any content or channel of choice.