Centre for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) on Tuesday commends President Mohammadu Buhari for the Approval of the appointment of Chairman, Executive Secretary and Members of the Board of the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities (NCPWD)” According to the Executive Director of CCD, Mr David O. Anyaele, “we welcome with rejoicing the news of the approval of the composition of the Governing Council and appointment of Executive Secretary of the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities in line with the provisions of the Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act 2018 by President Mohammadu Buhari. The approval of this list of Board members of the NCPWD is a clear statement that the Federal Government of Nigeria has commenced full implementation of the Discrimination against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act 2018 also known as the National Disability Act, Anyaele stated. The approval of the composition of the Governing Council, Executive Secretary, and subsequent dispatch to the National Assembly for screening is in fulfilment of section 33.3. of the National Disability Act which provides that the Chairman of the Council and one representative each from the 6 geo-political zones shall be appointed by the President subject to the confirmation of the Senate. We say a “BIG THANK YOU” to President Buhari for taking this bold step in the implementation of this Act through the approval of the composition of the leadership of the Commission. We call the President Buhari to take appropriate measure to ensure that the budget of the NCPWD features in the 2021 appropriation to avoid financial hiccups in the take off the Commission. We are approaching the last quarter of 2020. Without proper budgetary appropriation for the takeoff this Commission, the approval of the composition of the Governing Council may turn to a waste of time and energy. We call on the members of the NCPWD Board to take advantage of this office to ensure the full implementation of the National Disability Act by all Nigerians both in public and private sectors, as the time to change disability narratives in Nigeria has come. We also call on all organisations of, and for persons with disabilities, development partners and the private sector to support the takeoff of this Commission as this is the first time Nigeria is implementing a law that protects its citizens with disabilities from discrimination and other harmful practices. We wish to assure the leadership and members of the Board of the National Commission for Persons with disabilities of CCDs commitment towards providing technical and other supports to ensure the attainment of the mandates of the Commission. We are grateful to all our partners for their support to this campaign for the full implementation of the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities (NCPWD), in particular, our friends from the media for their solidarity in this struggle.