Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has restated his commitment to the upliftment of Edo people and scale up the level of development in Ewatto Communty, if reelected in the September 19 governorship election.  Obaseki made the promised at the palace of His Royal Highness (HRH) Sylvernus Ikhumhen, the Onogie of Ewatto kingdom on Tuesday. The governor was accompanied by his deputy, Mr Philip Shaibu, Speaker Edo House of Assembly, Mr Frank Okiye, Chairman Edo PDP Campaign Council, Mr Dan Orbih. According to him, I am committed to the development of Edo people. I know you are also committed to your people. My major concern is to extend development to all part of our state. “I will always deal with any issues affecting your kingdom with all seriousness. I understand the issue of water in Ewatto, I will work on the water system in Ewohimi to enable it supply water to all this region. “I want to tell you that the delay on the road construction work of Ewatto was due to the redesign of the water drainage and also the coronavirus pandemic, as many contractors had travel back to their respective countries,” he said. Also, the governor while addressing the PDP supporters at the Ewatto Ward 3, assured that work would commenced on Ewatto road as soon as the contractors are back to site from their respective countries. Earlier, the Onogie of Ewatto, Sylvanus Ikhumhen, had called on the governor to use his good office to direct the contractors in charge of Ewatto road to return to site as soon as possible. Ikhumhen said that he was very greatfull to Gov. Obaseki for his developmental strides done in his community. “You don’t need to come here and campaign, we have seen your good job. Your government don’t underrate, you appointed our sons into your cabinet, we are grateful to you. “You are the messiah Edo people have been waiting for. We never knew that our state government can extend development to my locality,” he said. The monarch, however, applied a native chalk on the governor’s palm and that of his deputy as sign of blessings.