The remains of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Board Chairman, Alhaji Wada Maida, was buried at Gudu Cemetery, Apo District, Abuja, on Tuesday in accordance with Muslim rites.  It was reported that the funeral prayer was led by Imam Rabiu Suleiman amidst tears by his family members, friends, associates and Muslim Ummah. The funeral prayer for the deceased was held at the Shagari Jumma’at Mosque in Area I Garki in Abuja. Speaking shortly after the burial, Gov. Aminu Masari of Katsina State described the death of Alhaji Wada Maida as a personal loss to him and the great people of Katsina state. Masari said that the deceased was a patriotic citizen who dedicated the whole of his life in the service of the country. “Whenever we lose somebody in Islam, we say to Allah we all come from Him and unto Him we shall return. “Apart from being a personal friend the late Wada was a patriotic citizen of the country. “He spent his life in the service to humanity. He was my age mate we had so many associations together and we normally give assistance to the needy. “Recently, we gave donation together with him to the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), in Katsina. “So, for me, it is a personal loss and to Katsina State, it is a big one based on his services to the nation, he really represented Katsina well,” Masari said. On his part, Sen. Ibrahim Ida, Sardaunan Katsina, who represented Katsina Emirate Council at the burial, described the death of Maida as a colossal loss to the country. Ida added that the deceased would be remembered for his uprightness, honesty and integrity. Also speaking, the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, said the deceased would be remembered by his friends because he was a great and true friend to many people. Adamu said that late Maida would be remembered for his accomplishments in the journalism profession and the media house that he established. The Acting Managing Director, NAN, Mr Dele Ojo, said the demise of Maida was a great loss to NAN, saying “Wada Maida lived and died for NAN.” The Chairman, Editorial Board, Thisday Newspapers, Mr Olusegun Adeniyi, said the deceased was not only an elder in the media profession but he was also a fantastic gentleman. “Most of us looked up to him for guidance because he was a very good man. I pray that may the hereafter be a better place for him.” In attendance were the Minister of Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, Presidential Media Aide, Malam Garba Shehu, Acting Managing Director, NAN, Mr Dele Ojo, and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Alhaji Yayale Ahmed. Others were Sen. Kabir Barkiya, representing Katsina Central, former EFCC Chairman, Malam Nuhu Ribadu, former FCT Minister, Dr Aliyu Modibbo, former Chairman, Federal Island Revenue Service (FIRS), Kabir Mashi and Alhaji Abba Rimi.