Dr Kayode Olagunju, Zonal Commanding Officer, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Zone 4, Jos, has warned motorists to desist from illegal act of covering their vehicle number plates.  Olagunju gave the warning on Monday in a statement by Deputy Route Commander Terry Hoomlong, Acting Zonal Public Education Officer. “We observed that this illegal act is common among the political class and senior government officials in the zone, comprising Plateau, Benue and Nasarawa States. “This illegal conduct has both safety and security implications. “Sections10(4)(h) and 10(4)(s) of the FRSC (Establishment) Act, 2007 makes it mandatory for vehicle identification mark (Number Plates) to be conspicuously displayed on the vehicle. “Also, the National Road Traffic Regulations (NRTR) 2012 in sections 36 and 39 makes it an offence not to properly display Vehicle Identification Number on any vehicle plying Nigerian roads,” he said. The zonal commanding officer stated that such vehicle would be impounded,while the drivers\owners would be arrested and prosecuted in line with the extant laws. He called on all motorists to ensure that they properly registered their vehicles with the appropriate authorities and also displayed their vehicle identification plate to avoid any form of embarrassment. He also advised the motoring public that proper registration of vehicle was of great benefits to the owner of a vehicle, especially in the areas of safety and security. “In the event of vehicle theft, the robust National Vehicle Identification database which has records of all registered vehicles in Nigeria provides detailed information for identification and possible recovery. “The database is also accessible to other security agencies working in synergy with the FRSC. “All the commands of the FRSC in the zone are to strictly enforce the laws by impounding all vehicles that carry illegal number plates and those having the plates hidden. “Operators of such vehicles are to be arraigned before the Mobile or Regular Courts where they stand the risks of fines payment of three thousand naira and or two to six months imprisonment. “Many of the violators are also in the habit of driving dangerously hiding under the illusion that they could not be tracked as the vehicle plates are covered,” he said. Olagunju reminded the public that dangerous driving under the Act and NRTR attracts fifty thousand naira fines and or six months imprisonment.