Chief Alexander Mwolwus, a Plateau Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain on Friday urged the Federal Government to impose total lockdown on the country to effectively curb the spread of coronavirus.  The chieftain made the call in an exclusive interview with our reporter in Pankshin, Plateau. “With the daily discovery of new cases of the virus, l think it will be wise Nigeria goes for a total lockdown to quickly curtail the spread of the disease.” Mwolwu, who commended the Federal Government for some of the steps it had taken so far in tackling the situation in the country, especially through the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), said more were needed to be done to save Nigerians. “The Federal Government should be bold enough to take that decisive decision and save its over 200 million population from untimely death and extinct. “Two to three weeks lockdown with airports and borders shut will do us more good than harm. “What needs to be done is for the government to deeply look inward on how to provide palliatives that could see the people conveniently stay put in their homes and be saved,’’ he said. The PDP chieftain, who was the Special Adviser to ex-gov Jonah Jang on Political Affairs warned against the likely catastrophe of further delay in declaring a lockdown in the country. “Some developed nations which are being ravaged by the disease are regretting the delay taken at imposing lockdown in the wake of COVID-19.” “Coronavirus is like a wildfire that we must know and be more pragmatic in dealing with it and keep ourselves alive to fulfill our God-given destinies.” Mwolwus, who was also former Chief of Staff former gov. Joshua Dariye said that the earlier the government take action, “the better for Nigeria and Nigerians.” He described the governors that had declared lockdown in their states as part of measures to curb the spread of the virus as the “peoples’ governors and wise men.” “My worry is how we can control the disease if it begins to spread like wildfire, considering the fact that we don’t have the medical facilities that cater for eventual demand attention.” “If the developed world are on their knees over the impact of the disease, how would ours be like when we are hard hit?” he lamented.