The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has threatened to prosecute motorists who drive under the influence of alcohol, illicit drugs or substance.  The Sector Commander, FRSC FCT, Mr Gora Wobin gave the warning in an interview with our reporter on Thursday in Abuja. Wobin said that illicit drugs and alcohol intake by drivers has led to several road crashes that claimed lives and properties. He explained that road safety was everybody’s business, adding that FRSC would continue to improve to have a better result. “The National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) is sincerely working with FRSC and has tried as much as possible not to allow sales of alcohol or any illicit drugs in the parks. “But you know anybody who sells some of these things knows the people they are selling to and the union or the FRSC may not see or know these people. “We do not sleep in the parks to really know the in-depth of these things but I can assure you that FRSC is always at alert to carry anyone found guilty of these offences. “Some of them may either take from their houses or branch somewhere to take these things and then proceed to the park to drive and this has caused damages to people and properties. “But we will not relent in telling the union leaders to bring any driver suspected to have taken alcohol before driving. Call us, we will carry them,” he said. Wobin commended the stakeholders for cooperation during the last special patrol, saying that union executives did well by preparing the minds of their drivers and sensitising them on road traffic crashes. He tasked the transport unions to ensure that the parks were free of social vices in order to ensure safety of lives and properties. “Some of the few things that we noticed during the special patrol were the bad eggs among them when we conducted test. We also told them that this is what the bad eggs among you did and wanted to spoil the good things the majority had done. “And then, we were also able to reposition and sensitise them more and stop those who were found guilty of taking alcohol. So I believe that the executives of some of these unions that we have should also move around the parks to check at all time. “But I will also advise that they create a task-force that will be checking both inside and outside of the parks and ensuring that people who come into the parks are also thoroughly checked,” he said.