Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu state has presented names of additional three commissioner nominees to the State House of Assembly for confirmation.  This was contained in a letter read by the speaker, Chief Edward Ubosi during plenary in Enugu on Tuesday. Ubosi mentioned the nominees as Mr Emeka Mamah, Mr Uche Ogbodo and Mr Malfred Nzekwe. He said that the governor expressed optimism that the lawmakers would do the needful to enable him continue with the governance of the state Ubosi asked the nominees to appear before the House on Thursday for screening and subsequent confirmation. In another development, the House has passed a bill making primary and junior secondary school education free and compulsory in the state. This followed the amendment of the 2017 School Transfer Bill of the state. Contributing to the debate, the House Leader, Mr Ikechukwu Ezeugwu, said that the amendment had become necessary in order to make the first nine years of education free in the state. Ezeugwu noted that many schools returned to voluntary agencies, were collecting school fees from students, contrary to free education policy of the State Government, aimed at encouraging mass enrollment of out of school children. “The bill is focus only on schools handed back to voluntary agencies sometimes ago. “No school fees should be charged in any school in Enugu state, from primary school up to secondary school from year one to three,” he said. The leader of the House also added that the voluntary agencies could recommend teachers for promotion, noting, however, that such teachers must not be below salary grade level 15. Also, member representing Nsukka East Constituency, Mr Chinedu Nwamba said that the bill was not contentious and urged his colleagues to support it. Speaking after passing the bill, the speaker urged the Chairman, House Committee on Education, Mr James Akadu, to ensure full implementation of the bill when signed into law through oversight function. The house adjourned till Thursday March 19.