AMB officials supervising the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations (UTME), at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka have commended the orderly conduct of candidates on the first day of the test.  The supervisors, in separate interviews with our reporter in Nsukka on Saturday, urged other candidates to conduct themselves in similar manner. Mr Suleiman Kassim, UTME Supervisor at the Digital Section of Nnamdi Azikwe Library of UNN, said he was impressed and satisfied with the conduct of candidates who wrote the test on Saturday, the first day of the 2020 Computer Based Test (CBT). “Since morning, everything has been going on smoothly without any problem. “Candidates for the CBT have conducted themselves in an orderly and peaceful manner. “We have not witnessed any form of misconduct; I will be happy if those who will write the test on Monday will also conduct themselves in same orderly manner,” he said. He commended the security agencies who, he said, arrived at the venue of the examination as early as 7 a.m, to ensure adequate security. “The security agencies were here as early as 7 a.m. and everything has been going on smoothly,” he said. Mr Fital Abdul, Supervisor at MTN Section of UNN library, told NAN that the UTME in UNN started smoothly as there had been no report of any malpractice or violence. “As Supervisor, I have not received any report of misconduct since the test started. “Candidates are well screened before they are allowed to enter the hall for the CBT test. “The security agencies are on hand to handle any misconduct from any candidate, but I thank God that candidates have conducted themselves in an orderly manner,” he said. Abdul said that two hours were allocated by Joint Admission Matriculation Board (JAMB), for candidates to answer the questions. Martins Onu and Lilian Njoku, some of the candidates who wrote the UTME on the first day, told NAN that they were sure of good scores. “The two hours allocated for the test were enough for me to answer all the questions required,” Onu said. Njoku, on his part, expressed happiness that majority of the questions were “not difficult.”