Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State has assured members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) posted to the state of maximum security and improved welfare.  Tambuwal gave the assurance in Wamakko, Sokoto, on Thursday at the swearing-in ceremony of the 2020 Batch A, Stream 1 orientation of the corps members. The governor, who was represented by the Head of Service (HOS), Dr Buhari Bello, urged them to be law abiding citizens and shun provocative dressings. He urged them to associate freely and respect the culture and traditions of their host communities. He also charged the corps members to continue to work for the unity of Nigeria, explore its potentials for growth and development. Tambuwal advised them to actively participate in the skills acquisition training in order to set up viable ventures in future. The governor also urged them to promote tolerance and understanding among Nigerians and serve as change agents in addressing the nation’s problems and challenges. “The nation is faced with enormous challenges of development and meeting them needs collective efforts,’’ Tambuwal said. The Chairperson of the state NYSC Governing Board, Hajiya Lubabatu Usman, urged corps members to consider themselves lucky in life, and expressed the hope that they would not relent in their endeavours. Usman urged them to join forces with government in fighting corruption, drug abuse and other social vices in the country. She explained that those who distinguished themselves during the service year would receive awards from the state government and Sultan of Sokoto, Dr Sa’ad Abubakar. Usman, however, warned that there would be sanctions against any corps member found wanting or flouting the regulations. The State NYSC Coordinator, Mr Philip Enaberue, said 1,840 corps members had so far registered for orientation in the state. Enaberue said adequate precautionary measures were taken to protect the corps members against the prevailing viral diseases, noting that State’s Specialist Hospital deployed 13 medical workers in the camp. Our correspondent reports that Sokoto State Chief Judge, Justice Sa’idu Sifawa administered oath to corps members.