Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq says his administration is determined to right the wrongs of the past, invest in human capital, physical infrastructural development and improve the living standards of the people.  AbdulRazaq said this on Wednesday while winding up the campaign for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the March 14 by-election into Patigi state constituency at the House of Assembly. “We are in government to serve our people. We have made commitments and we will not disappoint. “We were here a year ago to campaign for you and you supported us. Let’s do it again this Saturday by voting Adam Ahmed Rufai of the APC during the by-election,” AbdulRazaq urged. Accompanied by top government officials and party chieftains, the governor pointed out his various developmental strides in the local government and elsewhere in the state since his inauguration in 2020. He pledged that the government would give the necessary support to farmers by providing farm implements, chemicals and funds to improve yields to guarantee food security. “We are aware that some communities do harvest three times in a year. Come with your specific demands on the type of suitable farm implements and we will support you,” he added. AbdulRazaq said the government was discussing with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to lend money to those who want fund above N250,000 to support their businesses through the bank’s Anchor Borrowers Scheme. He added that the Social Investment Programme, which is due for launch anytime soon, would support smallholder farmers, artisans, small business owners, particularly women, and boost people’s purchasing power. “You all can testify that we are doing things differently. That is one reason we need you to vote Adam Ahmed Rufai who is a member of our party and shares the vision of this administration,” he said. Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Alhaji Salihu Yakubu, also urged voters to come out en masse on Saturday and elect the APC candidate to guarantee quality and effective representation at the parliament. The Chairman of APC in Patigi, Mr Muhammad Swasun, promised that the party would deliver 100 per cent victory in the poll.