Gov. of Ekiti State, Kayode Fayemi, Civil Society Organisations, unions and the academia on Thursday paid tribute to Bjorn Beckman a Swedish who contributed to Nigeria’s democracy in the early years of formation.  It was reported that Beckman was born in 1938 and died in 2019. Fayemi at a Memorial Colloquium held for Beckman with the theme “The Future of Democracy in Nigeria‘’, said that Swedish assisted Nigeria wholeheartedly during the military rule. He said Beckman had passion for democracy. According to him, what we have presently is not democracy and that is the truth, what we have is democratisation. We are still on our quest to democracy. “The interest that the average Nigerian will have is when will we actually reach a point that we can say we have made enough tangible progress in our quest for true democracy. “That is also what is critical about this; it is not a teleological process or a link between election and democracy but a process you cannot have without elections. “So we must continue to improve the process, that is the greatest tribute we can pay to Beckman for all the works he did, particularly in improving our understanding of state and societal relations.’’ Fayemi said that he understood the situation of the ordinary people and helped to illuminate in a very profound way the understanding of the struggles being experienced . He said Nigeria would be forever grateful to Beckman for his humanitarian spirit, for doing the right thing and for committing to a world of decency, respect for one another. The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Ayuba Wabba described Beckman as an intellectual that made workers, trade unionists and movements in Nigeria to know their rights and obligations. This, Wabba said he did by building their capacity and raising consciousness. Wabba also said that there was the need to address the issue of politicians who cross carpet from one political party to another without a sense of ideology. According to him, politics is about delivering the dividends of democracy to the people. Also speaking, Prof. Adebayo Olukoshi, Lead Speaker at the event who reminisced on the ideologies of Beckman said that democracy for him was not an abstract notion but that of humanity, family and friendship. Olukoshi said Beckman believed that the struggle of the ordinary people and their organisations in seeking to advance their collective interest and democratising the state was at the heart of the democratic project. “For Beckman, democracy was not simply about elections or the rituals of democracy, it was impeded in the everyday struggle of the people. “For him, democratisation only makes sense in the everyday struggles of people not in the episodes of elections. “The assumption that the people do not know what they want is one which Beckman repeatedly challenged in most of his writings because he believed that unions can challenge existing social order or political authority to bring about change.’’ Olukoshi said that Beckman believed in the unity of the country, adding “it is actually not a time for pessimism but rather a time for reorganising ourselves in order to rediscover and to win back the project of national development.’’ Dr Kole Shettima, Chairperson, Planning Committee of the event said that Beckman believed in the development of people and showed it in his lifestyle by interacting and giving audience to all. It was reported that Beckman’s wife Gunilla and children Malin and Petter who attended the event commended Nigerians for celebrating Beckman. The event was also attended by former students taught by Beckman, union groups, media moguls, and academics among others.