Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue has said that there are inadequate security personnel to handle the rising security challenges in the state.  Ortom stated this shortly after playing host to the seventh set of graduate medical doctors from Benue State University (BSU) College of Health Sciences (CHS), in Makurdi. It was reported that Guma Local Government area has recorded the highest security challenges in the state since 2018. Our correspondent further reports that on Jan. 1, 2018, suspected herdsmen attacked and killed over 50 persons in some communities in the council area. The governor expressed the regret that the state was battling with various security challenges, ranging from communal clashes that mostly occurred as a result of land disputes to herders’ invasion. He explained that owing to these security challenges, the current security outfits on ground had become adequate and needed reinforcement. Although Ortom admitted that the security operatives, especially Operation Whirl Stroke (OPWS), were doing a great job in the state, he, however, said that they still needed more funding, equipment and reinforcement to be more effective. He said that the security operatives in the state had been overstretched to the extent that Guma local government had less than 50 policemen, while many others had less than that. The governor further disclosed that the state might consider a new security outfit to complement the work of the conventional security operatives in the state. “Although we have not met as a region to discuss this, I can assure you that there will be need for Benue State to have a security outfit that will complement what the current conventional security operatives are doing. “How can a whole local government like Guma has less than 50 policemen and many other council areas in Benue have lesser police men? “So this is the challenge. We are not criticising anyone but we are saying the truth. It is something that we all need to come together and do. It is not a matter of ego,” he said. Ortom said that all hands must be on deck, failure of which there would be serious food insecurity in the country, as most of the foods consumed were being produced by peasant farmers, most of whom were currently in IDP camps. He had earlier commended the management of the College of Health Sciences (CHS) of the university for producing quality medical doctors. He said that his administration would ensure that the college got all the necessary supports to enable it increase its admission slots. In his address, the Provost of the college, Prof. Linus Saalu, said that the college had graduated a total of 272 doctors in five years, comprising 224 male and 48 female. He said that the seventh set, with 45 doctors, produced the best performing students since the establishment of the college over 15 years ago.