The Rev. Canon Michael Olorundare of St Luke’s Anglican Church, Amje, Alagbado, Lagos, has commended the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, for continuous preventive measures against further spread of COVID-19.  Olorundare told the our reporter in Lagos on Wednesday that he was impressed with the update on preventive measures against coronavirus. “Since the outbreak of coronavirus in the state, Gov. Sanwo-Olu and his team have been up and doing on preventive measures which is a very commendable effort by his administration. “The ban of public gatherings of more than 20 people have been effective as the level of compliance was also visible in religious bodies in Lagos since the pronouncement last week,” he said. He said that the parish observed total compliance with the Lagos State directive against the spread of COVID-19 as its March 22 Sunday service was cancelled and worshippers advised to organise service with families. Olorundare said that the Wednesday’s Lenten service expected to hold in the Church had equally been suspended in compliance with the Lagos State Government’s directive. “We are fully aware of the COVID-19 and proactive measures that our state government had put in place and doing to control the situation and to stop further spread. “I will, therefore, enjoin us to have our Wednesday Lenten service in our respective homes for now and recommend daily reading of Psalm 91 for us all,” he added. Olorundare urged worshippers to remain committed and pray more during the ongoing fasting which started March 1 with Ash Wednesday, marking the beginning of annual Lenten season. “Prayer and fasting for 40 days is still on and going by this evil coronavirus, I will like us to spend more time to pray and seek God’s face to intervene. “Let us obey the law and maintain all preventive measures clearly stated and put in place by the government so that we can stay safe and live healthy,” he said. The cleric commended Gov. Sanwo-Olu-led administration for regular update and continuous preventive measures against COVID-19. Olorundare prayed that there would be no more victim of the pandemic and strange sickness in the land.