He come as an artiste that is set for stardom, given his voice, which when he sings easily delights a listener. This no doubt accounts for Jibril Anifowoshe (aka JayBleeng) success with his recently released studio album titled Bed of Roses. The album, a compilation of several singles which include Don Corleone, Girl Next Door, Stay, Party is Alive, African Lady, One Time, ls It You or the Liquor, others are Pretty Girls, Take Care, On Fire, Heart Beat, Ijo (Dance), My Story, and the latest single titled Begging For Your Love comes with meaningful lyrics, and remarkable rhythm where he express love deeply. The single, Begging For Your Love defines JayBleeng has a master of music. He wins listeners heart with his sonorous voice; it is a different kind of song which is hard to find in the music scene. The catchy lyrics, sound makes you want to shake your head, and move your body. An emotional single no doubt, however, not the typical love song, the single from the Nigerian, American heritage artiste is significant as it channel what it means to be in love, JayBleeng expresses such wholeheartedly. “The reviews from Begging For Your Love has been absolutely phenomenon ranging from repeated radio station airplay, in Nigeria, Africa and in the United States, from friends and family in general is sky rocking. The music speaks for its self, it shows the commitment, energy and the emotional aspect of things,” he said. JayBleeng has become one of the most sought after artistes, in 2014 when he visited Nigeria, he performed in Sango Otta, Ogun State, Lagos Island, Ibadan, he has also performed in Ghana, and Cameroun. A listing of the musicians he has performed with buttress this. They include P-Square, D’Banj, Wizkid, Davido, Tiwa Savage, Wind Wonder, Mavado, among others. He is an exciting young artiste with remarkably raising profile. His excellent record is noticeable in the Bed of Roses Tour of the United States where he performed in several cities. He has been rewarded with several accomplishment, awards, and recognition around the world. He clinched an award at the STL Music Award show in the United States. JayBleeng is the latest sensation in the music scene because of his unique soulful style that distinguishes him from the rest. His sound touches the mind and reaches deeply into the soul, he always leaves his audience and followers yearning for more. A highly experienced performer, songwriter, producer, with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Cyber Security at the University of Missouri St Louis, United States, JayBleeng is an electrifying entertainer, delivering every single note with soulful passion that is captivating. He plays, performs and deliver with everything inside of him this is what makes him one of the most highly sought after act both in studio and on stage. “The stage is my playground. Performing in shows is beautiful because it brings out the energetic aspect of me. I connect with the fans with my charisma. I just love entertaining in general,” he reveals. JayBleeng who is also a remarkable poet believe that quality music will change the music scene. “I believe in quality music which is good for entertainment purposes, however, I intend to inspire people, bring awareness to topics that people don’t want to talk about, highlight and call awareness to things, take people mind away from the regular day to day struggle and try to put smile on the faces of people with music,” he disclosed. The multi-talented artiste who don’t focus on a particular genre will go places with his kind of music.