Mouka, Nigeria’s leading mattress and bedding products manufacturer, joined the World Sleep Societyin commemorating the 2020 World Sleep Day,at its corporate head office in Ikeja area of Lagos. This year’s celebration themed ‘‘Better Sleep, Better Life, Better Planet,”focused on sleep as a pillar of health allowing for better decision-making and cognitive understanding while highlighting its ability to improve the quality of life. The discussion furtherbrought to the fore, the many problems associated with an inadequate or near absence of sleep. The inaugural edition of World Sleep Day in Nigeriawas organised in March 2011 by Mouka. The Mouka 2020 World Sleep Day was an extension of previous editions; it, however, offered additional dimension to the emphasis on health benefits of quality sleep as requirements for boosting overall health and economic growth. Mouka has been at the forefront of healthy sleep culture and production of sleep solutions specially designed to cater to the needs of virtually all segments of the society. According to the company’s Chief Executive Officer, Raymond Murphy, Mouka as the industry leader would continue topropagate healthy sleep culture in Africa’s most populous black nation. “Mouka owns sleep in Nigeria and we must educate consumers about the importance of sleep to the total wellbeing of the population. Independent research clearly shows that Mouka is the number one brand of mattresses and other bedding products in Nigeria, that’s not me saying that, that’s not the leadership team saying that, it’s the consumers saying that Mouka owns sleep in Nigeria,” says Raymond Murphy. According to Dimeji Osingunwa, Mouka’s Chief Commercial Officer,the company’s business has been growing year-on-year as a result of the brand’s consistency in providing sleep solutions. “The business has been growing consistently in the last three year and once you do something that affects the health and life of the people, it does have a ripple effect, they also take it seriously, and we have taken it further by providing education on the appropriate sleep solution for each consumer,’’ remarks Mouka’s Chief Commercial Officer, Also speaking on the company’s sleep solution offerings, Head of Marketing, Tolu Olanipekun says “Our consumers always come first in everything we do at Mouka. This is the reason why we have provided a wide range of sleep solutions that cater to the needs and budget of different categories of consumers. Our primary goal is to ensure that our consumers enjoy quality sleep so they wake up feeling great and ready to take on the day. A good night’s sleep has a positive impact on everything you do, how you relate with people and even your productivity at work”. According to the Vice President of Nigeria Society of Physiotherapy (NSP),NnennaChigbowho represented the health Society at the event, good quality sleep consists of 7-9 hours, and among other things, reduces labour-related and road transport accidents as well as improve circadian clock which ultimately leads to reduced premature ageing. “Better understanding of sleep conditions and more research into the area will help reduce the burden of sleep disorders in the society,” she said. In advocating a healthy sleep culture, the NSP’s leader who disclosed that the NSP ‘strongly recommends’ Mouka mattresses to the teeming consumers of the Nigerian mattress industry, also enjoined all to “Avoid heavy spicy or sugary foods, four hours before bedtime. Exercise regularly but not right before bed. Use comfortable bedding. Find a comfortable setting for sleeping and keep the room well ventilated. Block out all distracting noise and eliminate as much light as possible. Reserve the bed for sleep and sex;the NSP strongly recommends Mouka Foam.” On his part,the representative of Nigeria Association of Orthopedic Manual Therapists (NAOMT),Dr Ayodele Onigbinde, affirmed that Mouka’sunique products, with reference to orthopaedic mattresses,are the ultimate answer to good quality sleep. He said it helps to minimise body pressure and designed to offer a firmer sleep surface, adding that it alsoensures correct spinal alignment that helps alleviate stress on the spine and reduce back pain. The seasoned therapist also hinted that these mattresses also aid in the adoption of the correct posture for sleep, promoting healthier blood circulation throughout the night. Onigbinde who is also an Associate professor ofOrthopaedic Physiotherapy stated that the company’s semi and full orthopaedic mattresses are specifically designed to offer excellent support and comfort. He pointed out that they offeroptimum push-back for the perfect sleeping position, reduce tossing and turning to wake up, feeling refreshed; and spreads body weight to prevent the build-up of pressure points, particularly in the neck, back and hips. Conceptualised in March 2008, World Sleep Day is an annual event organised by the World Sleep Day Committee of World Sleep Society, formerly known as the World Association of Sleep Medicine (WASM). The World Sleep Day is aimed at celebrating the benefits of good and healthy sleep and to draw society’s attention to the burden of sleep problemsand their medicine, education and social aspects as well as to promote the prevention and management of sleep disorders. Sleep disorders include insomnia, a condition that makes it difficult to sleep at bedtime or stay awake all through the night; sleep apnea, a disorder that indicates abnormal breathing patterns while sleeping; narcolepsy, a sleep disorder that typifies falling asleep suddenly as well as extreme sleepiness during the day; and Restless Legs Syndrome, a sleep disorder that causes an uncomfortable sensation and an urge to move the legs while trying to fall asleep. These disorders are all tied to the two key components of sleep which are sleep duration and sleep quality, both of which relate to the length of sleep and degree of interruptions during sleep. Both components may affect mental sharpness, physical vitality, emotional balance and productivity. Sleep deprivation (or poor quality sleep) is known to have a significant negative impact on health, in the short and long terms. Poor sleep has been associated with obesity, diabetes, weakened immune systems andcancer. While Nigeria is yet to have facts and figures on the financial implications of sleep disorders, the global epidemic costs the United States over $400billion a year with Japan losing $138billion, Germany $60billion, the United Kingdom $50billion, and Canada $21billion. Scientific findings have also shown that sleep is the ultimate performance enhancer. This forms the fulcrum of Mouka’s celebration of World Sleep Day. The event attracted the presence of participantscomprisingSola Sobowale, Nigeria’s leading actress, representatives of Nigeria Association of Orthopedic Manual Therapists (NAOMT), Nigeria Society of Physiotherapists (NSP)and allied professional bodies including media practitioners.