The University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, says it is not managing any coronavirus case.  Addressing a news conference on Thursday in Ibadan, the Chief Medical Director (CMD) of UCH, Prof. Jesse Otegbayo, said that no positive case of the disease, also known as COVID-19, was at the foremost tertiary institution. Otegbayo said that while no case had been received, the hospital and its personnel were adequately prepared to handle the pandemic “While the citizenry is encouraged to remain calm, the need to be more cautious and proactive in measures that have been proven to reduce transmission of the virus is vital at this time in efforts to control the pandemic. “Let me quickly debunk the rumour going around of a patient with a positive test to COVID-19 being on admission in UCH, this is not the case. “There is a suspected case of COVID-19 infection who is currently self-isolating and whose blood sample has been sent for tests. “The results are being awaited and the details about this suspected case and efforts so far made have been provided by the Commissioner for Health in Oyo State yesterday,” he said. Otegbayo said that the hospital had also decided to limit the number of people and patients who throng the hospital daily as part of efforts to stiff-arm the global outbreak. According to him, this will help curb unnecessary hospital visits and will reduce the strain on the hospital’s personnel and resources. “Patients who do not have definite or valid appointments are advised not to present at our clinics as only those with valid appointments will be allowed on the premises. “Only when absolutely necessary should patients be accompanied to regular clinic visit and the number of accompanying caregivers should be the minimum required for the purpose. “Clinically stable patients are advised to stay at home and to resume regular clinic visits after the pandemic has subsided. “Only emergencies will be attended to in our Dental Clinics while elective surgical procedures are postponed till the situation return to normal. “Our Accidents and Emergency Department will remain open to attend to all emergencies,” he said. The CMD said that in order to protect its numerous staff and students against COVID-19, the teaching hospital would close all its schools, including the School of Nursing indefinitely. Otegbayo, who reiterated the hospital’s preparedness to fight COVID-19, urged members of the public to call the hospital’s COVID-19 Response Team hotlines. “Anyone with symptoms and who might be concerned that they have the infection should call the numbers of COVID-19 response team of the hospital for education on necessary steps to take. “The numbers are 08131733982; 08177557039 and 08131733694. “The members of the public are once again reminded of the symptoms of CIVID-19 infection; a runny nose, sore throat, cough and fever. “Illness can be more severe for some people and can lead to pneumonia and breathing difficulties,” he said. It was reported that the CMD has also inaugurated a 30-man Hospital Task Force, a subcommittee of the UCH Committee on Response to Emergency and Outbreak of Diseases. Otegbayo said that the task force was set up to enforce strict compliance and adherence to safety precautions against the viral disease among the staff of the hospital, including its clinical and non-clinical workers. It was reported that the Federal Ministry of Health on Wednesday confirmed that five additional people tested positive to COVID-19, bringing the total number of active cases to seven.