The University of Ilorin has cautioned students of the School of Preliminary Studies (SPS) against cohabitation between sexes and other social vices.  The Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Academic) Prof. Sylvia Malomo, gave the admonition while addressing the 2,050 newly admitted students of the school during the 2020 Orientation Programme of the SPS in Fufu. Malomo, who was represented by the Dean of Physical Sciences, Prof. Folahan Adekola, enjoined the students to resist invitations to attend night parties, couples life or cohabitation on campus, as these vices can jeopardize their stay in the University. She urged the students to be of good behavior with high moral standard, work very hard to earn good grades so as to make both the School and their parents proud. Earlier, the Director of SPS, Prof. Abdulqadir Abikan, identified hard-work, discipline, focus and high moral standard as key steps to getting admitted into the University. Abikan added that these steps are the inevitable keys that guarantee admission for those that study well and pass the school examination and the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). Speaking on the topic: “Direct Road Leading to the Citadel,” Abikan advised the students against vices, distractions and euphoria of being in the University environment. The Director noted that their admission coincides with the opening of the new intra-campus road that leads directly to the main campus, saying that this has made their admission symbolic. He also disclosed that the Vice-Chancellor has approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the College of Management and Information Technology, American International University and the West Africa (CMIT-AIUWA), in the Gambia. He explained that any interested student can apply as 70 per cent tuition scholarship is accessible to students of SPS, who are interested in studying abroad. The Director, however, advised the students to strive hard to pass the school’s examination, and score the minimum UTME cut-off set by the University to gain admission, adding that that they must score high marks if they must be admitted into their desired course. In his remarks, the Registrar, Dr. Fola Olowoleni, represented by the Deputy Registrar (Vice-Chancellor’s Office), Mrs. Beatrice Ishola, appealed to the students to lay a solid foundation for their future, while advising them to read hard to pass their examinations.