The bill seeking to peg minimum educational qualification for persons seeking to occupy the office of President of Nigeria and state governors scales second reading at the senate.  Also, the bill seeks to make the Ordinary National Diploma (OND) the minimum qualification for those seeking positions at the National and state Assemblies. The bill is being sponsored by Sen. Istifanus Huang, (PDP, Plateau). The bill seeks to alter the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to provide for the amendment of Sections 65 (2) (a), 131 (d), Section 106 (c) and Section 177 (d) on minimum educational qualification for those seeking such elections. The bill is entitled, “The Constitution of The Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (in this Bill referred to as “the Principal Act”) is altered as set out in the Bill,” It reads in part: “the bill is seeking the alteration of section 65 (2) (a) of the Constitution which deals with the qualifications for intending members of the National Assembly.” The extant law which the bill seeks to amend reads: “A person shall be qualified for election under subsection (1) of this section if he has been educated up to at least School Certificate level or its equivalent.” Section 65 (2) (a) is now rephrased to read “if he has been educated to at least National Diploma level or its equivalent.” The bill also seeks to alter Section 131(d) which states that a presidential candidate and the deputy must have “been educated up to at least School Certificate level or its equivalent.” The amendment is now rephrased to read: “He has been educated up to at least HND level or’ its equivalent.” For House of Assembly, the bill seeks the alteration of section 106 (c) of the Constitution. According to the existing law, anyone aspiring to be a member of the House of Assembly must have “been educated up to at least the School Certificate level or its equivalent.” It is however, now rephrased to read: “If he has been educated up to National Diploma level or its equivalent.” For governorship candidates, the bill seeks the alteration of section 177 (d) of the Constitution which currently states that the person must have “been educated up to at least School Certificate level or its equivalent.” It is now rephrased to read: “If he has been educated up to at least Higher National Diploma Level or its equivalent.”