Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, says his administration is bent on delivery of good governance to the people of the state.  Makinde stated this on Wednesday while addressing members of his party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), during a stakeholders’ meeting of the party in Ibadan. He declared that the state would be known for good governance all through his tenure. The governor said, “as long as I remain in the saddle as the governor of the state, the state will continue to be renowned across the country and the world for good governance and excellent service delivery to the people”. Makinde said his government was toeing the path of a private sector-led economy, because it would be beneficial to the state. “Private sector-led economy is what we know will be beneficial to us in Oyo state, it is the path that this government is willing to tread to take our people out of poverty,” he said. The governor dispelled criticisms by some opposition elements who claim that he did not have a good understanding of governance. He said that the opposition had made similar claims that he did not understand politics before he went ahead to defeat them at the March 9, 2019 poll. He said those who underrated him on governance would be silenced by the records of good governance during his administration. He urged PDP leaders not to be afraid of how he was going to meet up with the high expectations of the society. ”I started my company without having money and now I am known all over the world, I am sure that by the time we are done, Oyo state will be known all over Nigeria and all over the world for good governance,” he declared. Makinde also used the occasion to restate his commitment to agreements made with PDP members and the different political parties who worked for his victory. He said that there were abounding opportunities for everyone to benefit from government, stressing that his administration had a lot of programmes on the ground, particularly in the area of human capacity development and youth empowerment, He implored all members of the party in the state to embrace unity of purpose, so that the party could wax stronger. Earlier, Chief Kunmi Mustapha, state chairman of the PDP, commended Makinde for his laudable programmes, while calling on other PDP political office holders to emulate the governor. Mustapha urged party members to brace up for the next elections by extending the hand of friendship to everyone and making them happy. News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that key chieftains of the PDP in the state attended the stakeholders’ meeting, among them were, the Deputy Governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan; the Chief of Staff to the Governor – Chief Bisi Ilaka and the Deputy Chief of Staff – Abdulmojeed Mogbonjubola. Others were Elder Wole Oyelese, Mrs Bosede Adedibu, members of the state working committee of the PDP led by the state chairman, and notable elders of the party from across the Oke-Ogun, Ibarapa, Ogbomosho, Oyo and Ibadan zones of the state.