Hajiya Ramatu Aliyu, the Minister of State, Federal Capital Territory, has advised corps members to maintain good hygiene to avoid being infected by COVID-19 that is until date without any known cure.  Aliyu, represented by Mrs Dilichukwu Oyedima, the Chairman, FCT National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), FCT Governing Board gave the advice in Abuja on Thursday at the swearing-in ceremony of the orientation course for the 2020 Batch ‘A’ Stream 1 corps members. “You must confine yourselves within the parameters of the camp and maintain the heights of individual hygiene for fear of contacting COVID-19 or Coronavirus, which is super-contagious and until date without any known cure,’’ she said Aliyu advised the corps members to stay out of alcoholic beverages, illicit drugs and cigarette smoking throughout the camping period as the Federal Government ban on these substances and products in stadia and orientation camps nationwide remained in force. She told the corps members that their security and general welfare was an utmost priority. “We have secured an all-inclusive, sustainable synergy and collaborations with relevant security agencies which in their professional dispositions have put in place a paradigm shift for a coordinated, regimented and regulated regime against typical campus setting that is merely animalistic. “I charge you therefore, to be apt in acclimatising and swift in assimilating the latest norms and values on camp which as it were to serve as the guiding principles all through your service,’’ Aliyu said. The NYSC, FCT Coordinator, Haijya Walida Isa said that a total number of 3,323 corps members were registered on camp comprising 1,038 males and 1,285 females. Isa said that in the last two days, the corps members had demonstrated high level of discipline and endurance. She said that essential resources had been adequately mobilised to ensure a hitch free orientation and that the exercise would run for three weeks. Isa said the Skill Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development (SAED) programme was their most reliable means of self-sufficiency and sustainability. She advised the corps members to be disciplined and security conscious at all times. “May I sound a note of warning against indecent dressing on camp. You are not permitted to deface the scheme uniform except for minor adjustment that might be absolutely necessary,” Isa said. Isa called on corporate agencies, multi-nationals and patriotic individuals and groups within the FCT to support the scheme. She said that preventive measures had been taken by the scheme to guard against infection by with the coronavirus by corps members. “It is gratifying to note that infrared thermometers, hand sanitisers, wash hand basins and soaps have been provided in all the 37 NYSC secretariats and at strategic locations at orientation camps of the scheme nationwide,’’ Isa said. She said that sensitisation leaflets on Lassa fever and coronavirus had been shared to all the 2020 Batch ‘A’ corps members currently undergoing orientation course. According to her, such will arm them with the requisite information on the viruses and how to prevent infection.