A member of the House of Representatives, Rep. Omoregie Ogbeide-Ihama (PDP-Edo), has cautioned Nigerians against self medication in a bid to contain the spread of Covid-19 in the country.  In a statement on Monday in Abuja, Ogbeide-Ihama expressed confidence that the virus would be defeated if all Nigerians cooperate with laid down rules to combat the spread. The lawmaker, who represents Oredo Federal Constituency of Edo, raised alarm over fake and unverified information circulating on social media on how to test and treat Covid-19 infection. “Let me add very importantly that we need to be careful about the authenticity of the information we consume this period; so much fake news and unproven solutions permeate the social media space these days.” “It is important we act on information from only credible news sources, and as much as possible avoid any kind of self-medication; if you sense you have symptoms, please consult a health-care center.” “I am confident we will defeat this. We all just need to play our part, may God protect us and end this in the shortest time,” he said. Ogbeide-Ihama pleaded with traders and sellers to have the fear of God in their hearts and resist the temptation to hoard and over-price essential goods. The legislator said it was shocking to see the astronomical rise in the cost of items like face masks, hand-gloves, and hand sanitizers. Ogbeide-Ihama said that no artificial profit that cost lives of fellow countrymen and women in such trying times was worth it. According to him, we are faced with the reality of an invincible enemy that threatens our long-held traditions, strong communal bonds, and most seriously, our very existence. He said that COVID-19 presents about the most difficult situation the country has found itself since the civil war. The parliamentarian, however, said that though the times were really scary, Nigeria was not in a hopeless situation. He said that for every challenge that confronts man, the solutions always come from the same sources, with knowledge and action. “Defeating this scourge truly is not difficult if we will get accurate and genuine knowledge about it and take necessary actions to protect ourselves to stop the spread.” “The virus can not harm us as long as it remains outside our bodies; so even if you have contact someone who has it, it has no effect on you until you ingest it. “We must not let it get in and that is why two of the most important actions you can take this period are to wash our hand regularly, keep hands away from our faces and stay at home as much as possible,” he said. Ogbeide-Ihama thanked government for taking some pro-active and commiserated with everyone who has tested positive. He appreciated healthcare professionals working in the front-lines of combating the pandemic and prayed for their safety.