In a bid to provide seamless banking services, Union Bank of Nigeria (UBN) Plc on Monday unveiled a 24-hour toll-free customer service line.  The bank in a statement in Lagos said the initiative was as part of proactive efforts to ease banking worries during the ongoing coronavirus outbreak in Nigeria. It stated the 24-hour toll-free customers service line 0800 700 7000 would allow customers to call the bank’s contact centre at no cost. “The multi-lingual customer service line, which allows customers to call the bank’s contact centre at no cost, was launched on March 30, as part of the Bank’s efforts to ensure it provides seamless banking services as the country responds to the coronavirus outbreak,” it said. Speaking on the new service, Mrs Lola Cardoso, the bank’s Executive Director and Head of Retail and Digital Banking, was quoted by the statement as saying that it was committed to hitch free banking. “While we navigate the new realities brought on by this global pandemic, our goal as a trusted partner to our customers is to ensure that they don’t have to worry about banking during this time. “A toll-free number will allow our customers call us free of charge to resolve any banking issues they may have without worrying about cost. “We believe this kind of support is crucial for our customers during this difficult period. “Through Union Bank’s robust digital banking channels – UnionOnline, UnionMobile and the USSD code *826#, customers can continue to enjoy uninterrupted banking services round the clock, despite movement restrictions in certain Nigerian states owing to the COVID-19 outbreak. “The introduction of the new toll-free customer service line reaffirms Union Bank’s commitment to the provision of simpler, smarter banking services to its teeming customers,” Cardoso said. The bank, established in 1917, was listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange in 1971. The bank is a trusted and recognisable brand, with an extensive network of over 300 branches across Nigeria. It currently offers a variety of banking services to both individual and corporate clients including current, savings and deposit account services, funds transfer, foreign currency domiciliation, loans, overdrafts, equipment leasing and trade finance.