The Minister of State for FCT, Dr Ramatu Tijjani, has affirmed the FCT Administration’s commitment to quality healthcare for residents of the territory.  Tijjani disclosed this on Monday at the launch of the Integrated Medical Outreach Programme in Abuja. According to her, the 49.6 per cent national coverage achieved at the last polio exercise is a pass mark, compared with the previous exercise. She said that the FCT would continue to support programmes geared toward improving quality healthcare for people in the FCT, especially women and children. Dr Faisal Shuaibu, the Executive Director, National Primary Healthcare Development Agency (NPHCDA), said that the agency was targeting 20 million Nigerians with free basic health services. He added that health workers had been trained to offer services to the underserved and breached communities in 409 local government areas of the country. He urged parents and guardians to use the opportunity to ensure that their children were immunised, adding that in spite of the gains in closing the gaps in immunisation, “the country still has a long way to go to achieve the vision aspired. “If we are to achieve our vision and aspirations for a country where basic and quality health services will be accessible and affordable, we have to continue to strengthen the health system. “The Integrated Medical Outreach Programme (I-MOP) is aimed at bridging gaps to ensure that no one is left behind in the journey toward Universal Health Coverage (UHC). Shuaibu noted that I-MOP is an opportunity for government to fulfil its promise of delivering dividends of democracy, justice and equity to all Nigerians. Mr Mohammed Kawu, the acting Secretary, FCT Health and Human Services Secretariat (HHSS), said I-MOP in the FCT had reached an advanced level, with the availability of essential commodities through counterpart fund. He said “we in the FCT are set to key into the programme and ensure expansion of access to quality services to all residents of FCT, particularly women and children “We are aware of the two approaches to implementation of the Primary Healthcare Scheme, the facility based and the mobility/outreach approaches. “Over time, the emphasis has been on facility-based services which can give about 40 per cent coverage to those in need. “The 60 per cent can be achieved through focused integrated mobile/outreach approach, which is being launched today.” Our correspondent reports that Vice President Yemi Osinbajo launched the programme, which is to kickstart on March 23.