The Senate has announced the decision by 109 senators to contribute 50 per cent of their salaries to support the current efforts of the Federal Government towards curbing the spread of Corona Virus or Covid-19 in the country.  Acting spokesman of the Senate, Sen. Godiya Akwashiki, announced the decision in a press statement in Abuja on Monday. According to him, after due consultations following a keen review of the national efforts to contain the Coronavirus pandemic in Nigeria, the Senate wishes to announce that from March, senators will be donating 50 per cent of their salaries to the efforts at stopping the spread of the disease. “This monthly contribution from the Upper Legislative Chamber will be sustained until Nigeria is declared safe from the ravages of this deadly disease. “The Senate commends the efforts of President Muhammadu Buhari and the administration towards the goal of securing our nation against this plague. “The Senate is willing and ready to do whatever is required of the Legislature for the effectiveness of all the measures in place now or that may be required in the future to win the fight against this menace. “The Senate commends all agencies of the federal and state levels for working in collaboration to protect public health across the country. “It also acknowledges the patriotic response of public-spirited individuals and organisations who have contributed in one way or the other in support of this fight.” He appealed to citizens to comply with the directives on social distancing and observance of basic rules of hygiene as explained by public health officials as the most effective way for protection of oneself, families and country against COVID-19. “This is a global adversity that is testing the wit and resilience of mankind all over the world. By staying resolute and each of us responsibly playing their role, COVID-19 like all epidemics before it will soon be pushed into history,” Akwashiki said. It was reported the number of confirmed cases of the coronavirus in the country has risen to 111, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced late Sunday in an update on its website. “On the 29th of March 2020, fourteen (14) new confirmed cases of COVID-19 were recorded in Nigeria,” it announced, referring to the official name of the coronavirus.