Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has directed that all schools in the state be closed on March 25 for 30 days, as part of measures to forestall the outbreak and spread of coronavirus.  The governor gave the order on Friday in a state-wide broadcast aimed at keeping the people abreast of COVID-19 pandemic. Okowa said, “As you are aware, the world is currently battling with coronavirus, (also known as COVID-19) pandemic. As at March 16 this year, cases of COVID-19 have been reported in 151 countries. “In Nigeria, there have been 12 confirmed cases with one death recorded so far. There is yet no confirmed case of coronavirus in Delta State. “However, we have taken the following proactive steps to prevent the spread of the disease and stop transmission, if it occurs. “Henceforth, I wish to direct as follows: All primary, secondary and tertiary institutions are to be closed effective Wednesday, March 25, for 30 days. “Parents should endeavour to provide hand sanitisers for their children. Hand wash stations must also be provided at easily identifiable points in the markets. “The leaders of the various market associations to please take note. Offices must ensure that they are fitted with the right type of sanitisers. “Supermarkets, malls, churches and other places of worship should provide hand sanitisers for customers/worshippers.’’ He noted that the state government had already established a purpose-built and well-equipped isolation centre at the Federal Medical Centre in Asaba to handle any emergency. “We have embarked on training of health care personnel to work at the isolation ward. Training and engagement of 129 Red Cross workers across the state is on-going. “We have identified and established holding rooms in all zonal and all state hospitals while the training of five members of the Rapid Response Team in each local government area is ongoing,” he said. The governor added that laboratory scientists were being trained on sample collection and all passengers and crew must complete an arrival cards in the two airports (Warri and Asaba) and the three seaports (Warri, Koko, and Sapele). “All passengers arriving Asaba airport are already subjected to temperature measurement. “All incoming sea vessels are to observe a 14-day quarantine period to be cleared by the port health personnel before berthing in any seaport in Delta state. “We are also assisting in the local production of alcohol-based hand sanitisers. “The Ministries of Health and Information have been mandated to intensify public enlightenment campaigns to inform and sensitise the public on safety protocols regarding COVID-19,” Okowa said. The governor said that his administration would spare no effort or resources to ensure the good health, safety and protection of citizens. “It is important for us to know that observing proper hygiene and World Health Orgainsation-mandated safety protocols remain the best way to protect ourselves and stop the spread of this virus. “To adopt a superstitious approach as many of us do,1 that ‘it is not my portion’ could prove to be fatal. “This is no time for self-medication. If you notice at any point in time that you have fever, do not hesitate to call on the relevant authorities or visit the nearest hospital,” the governor warned.