Prof. Olanrewaju Fagbohun (SAN), Vice-Chancellor, Lagos State University(LASU), Ojo, has urged staff and students to keep attracting more world class research opportunities and leading initiatives that would make the institution more globally competitive.  In a statement on Thursday in Lagos, Fagbohun said that the “2021 Times Higher Education Ranking”, which ranked LASU second top university in Nigeria, was a product of the varsity’s commitment to excellence. It was reported that LASU was ranked among the best three Nigerian universities in the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Ranking for 2021. “We must keep ensuring that our university remains worthy of being called home, a community where peace, unity, equality, progress and kindness are non-negotiable ideals. “Our work is not done yet, even as we look forward to the limitless possibilities the future could bring to our shores. “We must celebrate ourselves and relish this moment of fulfillment and gratitude,” he said. Fagbohun said that more than four years ago, members of LASU Community collectively agreed to pursue a vision. “We began the hard work of rewriting the story of our university from our classrooms to our administrative offices, science laboratories and sports centre. “We watched how LASU staff and students defied impossible odds to blaze the frontiers of excellence and innovations in different areas,” he said. Fagbohun said that in recent months, academics from LASU had won research grants worth millions of dollars to pursue discoveries and create products that would greatly add value to mankind. “Despite the incredible progress we have made, we strongly believe that our best days are still way ahead of us. “We acknowledge the challenges our university currently faces while trying to compete for impact and relevance in the global educational landscape. “This explains why our sleeves must remain rolled up and our thinking cap kept alive to its responsibility. “We have more work to do, by improving on our infrastructures and resilience plan,” he said. Faghoun said that the university began the hard work of rewriting the story of LASU from classrooms to administrative offices, science laboratories to sports centre. “Our 2021 Times Higher Education World University Ranking shows our vision and efforts over the past four and a half years have not been in vain. “Dear members of LASU Community, this is our victory. This is for each and everyone of us whose hard work, patience and commitment have propelled us this far,” the vice chancellor said.