Digital Wealth Management Firm, Zimvest (Zedcrest Investment Managers) sets to make investing stress-free for Nigerians through its self-service wealth management platform. A Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) licensed and regulated Assets Management Company in Nigeria with a digitally-enabled wealth management system that seamlessly allows users to invest their money in a basket of diversified fixed-income backed portfolio; Zimvest is poised to demystify wealth from creation to distribution for all. According to the GMD of Zedcrest, Adedayo Amzat CFA, “the Zimvest platform was built with the user in mind, it provides AI-powered tools to analyze a client’s investment personality, risk tolerance, investment horizon and net worth, while ensuring that individual or corporate users’ are served the right investment products to suitably meet their financial goals.” Leveraging the consummate expertise of the renowned Zedcrest Group in global financial services market evidenced by the leadership position of its brokerage business, Zedcap Partners: honored with the “Best Brokerage Service” award at the 2019 FMDQ G.O.L.D. Awards. In his remark, the GMD of Zedcrest, Adedayo added that these are special situations that require special measures. “It is glaring that our current reality is a time of discouraging rates being offered on traditional investing options. The ludicrous interest rate offered on savings deposits (1.25% p.a.) and increased concern of the Naira’s ability to hold on to value makes investing tiring. Zimvest realizes the increasing need for more low-risk investment options which have the much desired capital preservation feature and encouraging rates”, he noted. The Product Marketing, Innovation and Growth Manager of Zimvest, Idris Oladipo, further expounded that Zimvest is determined to revolutionize the wealth management experience of Africans in the growing digital landscape. “We aim to be the choice digital asset management company in Africa – enabling clients to grow wealth by offering best-in-market rate and beating currency risks through multicurrency investments and innovation-driven processes”, he added. Zimvest boasts of investment product offerings that reflect an understanding of current investment needs, the developing market landscape and growing market opportunities. The journey to wealth creation should rather be painless and gratifying, a mandate Zimvest promises its growing customer base.