An Environmentalist, Ms Gloria Bulus, has suggested the adoption of renewable energy as an alternative for Nigerians to quell the effects of the recent hike in electricity tariffs,  Bulus, the founder of an environmental NGO, Bridge-that-gap Initiative, made the suggestion in an interview with our reporter on Monday in Lagos. She said that the hike has made it imperative for Nigerians to adopt green energy alternatives not just for monetary reasons, but for the preservation of the environment. Bulus said: “The recent hike in electricity tariff is enough to influence us to adopt renewable energy because by the time we begin to pay electricity bills at this current rate, most people will discover that a large amount of their earnings go to electricity. “The green energy is our only bailout in Nigeria and now is the time to go 100 per cent renewable. “Climate change experts and advocates as well as environmentalists, have been hammering on a transition to renewable energy alternatives. “Maybe this increase has happened so that Nigeria can forcefully embrace renewable energy. “Renewable energy is cheaper, cleaner, does not deplete the environment, sustainable, available and can reach as many as possible.” According to her, going renewable means diversifying energy supply and reducing dependence on fossil fuels. “Renewable energy sources do not emit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming which in turns results in climate change effects. “In other words with green energy, there will be less gas emissions which means a cleaner and safer environment with less pollution,”she said. Bulus also harped on the need to make renewable energy affordable and available to the average Nigerian household, without having to spend much. “Renewable energy can only be available and affordable to the average Nigerian if they are empowered to produce their own electricity. “For example, harnessing waste to energy, hydropower electricity, wind among others. This way the average Nigerian will not be dependent on Government or any company for their electricity. “If Nigeria can switch to 100 per cent renewable energy, we will not be so concerned about the hike in electricity tariff,”she said. The environmentalist also called for government intervention to make the adoption of renewable energy more seamless. “It is quite unfortunate that even with the epileptic power supply in the country, the tariff is constantly being increased. “It clearly shows our electricity sources is not reliable, efficient and sustainable. So what else do we want? “This is where the Government needs to transit to 100 per cent renewable energy. “The role of Government is to make an efficient transition to renewable energy easy thereby making life better for the citizens,” she added.