A renowned sports analyst, Tayo Balogun, says Super Eagles’ Technical Adviser, Gernot Rohr, should be wary of the team’s opponents in their upcoming friendly matches.  Balogun told our reporter in Ibadan on Tuesday that both Cote d’Ivoire and Tunisia are formidable teams and the matches would be tough. “He, of course, knows that Nigerians are sore losers and expect his team to perform well against Tunisia and Cote D’ivoire. “Rohr has formidable opposition in these two opponents. So, there is the need for us to be serious and maximise this opportunity. “It is important to note that this is the only FIFA window that allows the Super Eagles to play friendly matches. So, we have to take the matches serious. “From the next one in November through to next year November, all available international windows will be for playing qualifiers either for the Cup of Nations or the World Cup. “So, there may not be another opportunity to assess as many players as possible,” he said. Balogun, while analysing the list of invited players, said Nigerians should expect the benefit of the main value derivable from inviting four new players to the team. “This is for us to see who amongst them will have a chance to break into the main team. “In this regard, I see Zaidu Sanusi of FC Porto who enjoys some current positive reviews and Cyril Dessers of Genk as two players who may be able to force a way in. “It will be a big plus if either Chidera Ejuke or our former national under-17 player Samson Tijani snatches a break in. “Also, Dele Alampasu and Maduka Okoye have a rare chance to seek a regular place in the Eagles,” he said. Balogun pointed out that he expected Rohr to rest more of the team’s older players. “But then, in a situation of playing two top-ranked teams in four days, you must be mindful of ensuring you use a team capable of getting results. “All in all, the coach will have the privilege of having his players train together for five days,” he added. The sports analyst advised Rohr to keep on injecting new players into the team and also seek out ways of discovering local talents who abound in the local league.