President Muhammadu Buhari has met with Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Friday, saying his single desire is to make sure that innocent Nigerians don’t suffer regardless of party affiliation.  The president stated this when Obaseki led his Deputy, Philip Shuaibu and other party supporters paid him a thank-you-visit at the State House, Abuja. Buhari pledged to ensure the development of political culture to be based on integrity and accountability, urging the citizens to work very hard and earn what they are looking for through their hard work and through fair competition The president stated this when Obaseki led his Deputy, Philip Shuaibu and other party supporters to the State House on a thank-you-visit. He said: “I thank you for bringing your deputy and supporters to come and see me after beating my party. “I am supposed to preside over all Nigerian interests whether I like it or not, but my single desire is to make sure that innocent people don’t suffer. That message I got across to the Inspector General of Police, that elections must be free and fair. “If contestants have too much money and they decide to spray, so be it. But what I insist is, nobody should go and raise a counter force to the government, arm heavily-drugged thugs to go and humiliate people.” “I want Nigerians to appreciate that I respect them as Nigerians and that I am bound by the oath I have taken, that their security is in the hands of God and in the hands of the government, which I am leading.” The president noted that as the leader of the governing party, and despite the fact that the party had lost some states in elections, he wishes to leave behind a political culture based on integrity. “We have lost states across the country. Now I do not like to escape the responsibility, seeing as the leader of the country, I am also the leader of my party, that I am not leading the party very well. “I am trying to make sure that the party is built on a civilised basis, rule of law and respect for human rights and human beings, right from polling units to local governments, to states up to Abuja and that’s what I have been insisting as my contribution to the National Working Committee and executive of the party. “I know we are a developing country, a developing economy and trying to develop our political culture. “I want the development of political culture to be based on integrity and accountability. Let people work very hard and earn what they are looking for through their hard work and through fair competition,” the president said. He added jocularly that he was congratulating the Edo governor “reluctantly” because he defeated the candidate of his party, the All Progressives Congress. In his remarks, Governor Obaseki thanked the President for ensuring that fair play reigned during the election which saw him victorious. “You would recall a couple of weeks before the election, I came to see you and you assured me that we were going to have a free, peaceful and credible election. “That is what we had during the election of Sept. 19 and the whole world has acclaimed that Edo election was perhaps one of the best conducted in recent times in Nigeria. “This could not have been possible without your insistence that the right things be done, and for that, we want to say thank you very much.” He also thanked the President for his congratulatory message, assuring him that the message “has been internalised, that it is God that made this election possible, therefore I should be humble about the election and also magnanimous in victory.” He pledged his unalloyed loyalty and support and that of the people of Edo State to the President and the federal government.