The Deputy Governor of Edo, Philip Shaibu, has said that Gov. Godwin Obaseki’s contract with Edo people remains sacrosanct.  Shaibu stated this in statement issued on Friday in Benin by his Senior Special Assistant on Media, Mr Benjamin Atu, adding that the covenant could not be broken nor hindered by man. He stated that Edo was fortunate to have people of character and competence to deliver good governance and a morally re-invigorated society. He stated: “Obaseki has a covenant with the people for a better Edo as already demonstrated by the administration’s discipline in the prudent management of the state’s resources for the benefit of the masses. “We need a genuine transformation of Edo from the hands of men seeking for opportunity to victimise us in our fatherland.” Shaibu also stated that Obaseki’s administration had a covenant with the people to break away from the political culture of ineptitude and misgovernance. “A culture that encourages the public to worship poor leadership. “Obaseki has a contract with the people of Edo to provide the needed leadership that will encourage entrepreneurship as a culture for poverty eradication. “Poverty is man-made and can also be extinguished by man through appropriate policy framework like the ones already put in place by the present administration. “Poverty was created by recklessness of previous administrations,” the deputy governor added. He noted that poverty reduces dignity and promotes vulnerability, hence the governor was seeking a second term “to butter the people’s bread”. According to him, Obaseki’s desire to move the state forward has been matched with his strong will, backed up by sustainable goals and verifiable actions on a consistent basis. He therefore solicited the people’s support for Obaseki and rejection of “those parading simple agenda.” He argued that “the complexity of the state would suffocate and consume the simple agenda.” He described the September governorship poll as a call to duty for the perfect candidate. “It is a call for an angelic politician who has no corruption tag in his name. “So people should vote for Obaseki and the People’s Democratic Party on September 19,” Shaibu stated.