The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has reported 111 new cases of COVID-19 in the country.  NCDC made this known on its official twitter handle on Wednesday. According to the agency, with the new infections, the total number of confirmed cases in the country is now 57, 724. It disclosed that 149 persons were discharged after being successfully treated and had recovered from the coronavirus. The public health agency said two deaths were recorded in the country in the last 24 hours from the deadly virus. NCDC said that the 111 new cases were reported from 12 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The agency said Lagos recorded 31 cases, followed by Gombe with 18, Kaduna with 18 and the FCT with 15. Others are Rivers (14), Imo (3), Kwara (3), Oyo (3), Bayelsa (2), Ogun (2), Edo (1) and Osun (1). The NCDC said till date, 57,724 cases have been confirmed, with 48,985 cases discharged and 1,102 deaths recorded in 36 states and FCT. The health agency said that a multi-sectoral national Emergency Operations Centre, activated at Level 3, have continued to coordinate the national response activities across the country. According to the NCDC, the global COVID-19 death toll is about one million while scientists are still investigating immune response and cure. The agency said that Nigerians in the FCT with symptoms of COVID-19, who had been in close contact with a recently confirmed case, should visit one of its sample collection sites in the FCT to get tested. “Access full list of sites via: covid19.ncdc.gov.ng/samplesites/. “You might come in contact with infected people with no symptoms. “It is important to maintain physical distancing and avoid large gatherings because you may not know who may have COVID-19. “Take responsibility to keep yourself and your loved ones safe,” the agency said. It was also reported that NCDC is supporting the Federal Ministry of Education and relevant partners at a three-day stakeholder dialogue across the six geopolitical zones on an integrated approach to safe school reopening. In attendance were Commissioners for Health and Education, head teachers, traditional rulers as well as representatives of the NUT, SUBEB, PTAs, school management committee and Association of School Proprietors.