A clergyman, Joel Bamimore, on Tuesday pleaded with a Customary Court sitting at Mapo in Ibadan to dissolve his 19-year-old marriage to Seyi, on the grounds of infidelity. The petitioner told the court that he is afraid of contracting sexually transmitted diseases from his wife. Joel, on Sept.  12 2019, filed a divorce suit following over his wife’s extramarital affair with another man. However, the President of the court, Chief Ademola Odunade, gave a ruling then that Joel should first take his wife to the hospital for treatment due to the injuries he inflicted on her when he beat her up. Odunade had in that ruling also advised the couple’s family members to resolve the conflict between them amicably. But at the resumed hearing, the petitioner raised issues why the reconciliation will not work. He said that Seyi has not changed from her promiscuous lifestyle. “My lord, I took Seyi to the hospital as you directed, but while there, the Doctor told me in her presence she was discharging blood from her private parts because she had contracted an STD. “I can’t continue to bear living under the same roof with an adulterous wife, my life is not safe,” he said. Seyi, who gave her consent for the divorce, denied all allegations leveled against her. “I am jobless because my husband has taken away all my means of sustenance. “After taking me to hospital, he suddenly began to accuse me of having an STD. “He is lying. No physician told me I had an STD. My husband is a pathological liar. “The man he accused me of having an affair with is someone who has helped us. He gives us money and food when we had nothing to eat especially due to my husband’s condition. “My husband is physically challenged,” Seyi said. In his ruling, Odunade on behalf of the panel of judges, dissolved the marriage in the interest of peace. He granted custody of the three children to the respondent and ordered the plaintiff to pay N15,000 as their monthly feeding allowance. The Arbitrator advised Bamimore to learn to be tolerant and appreciate people who care for him, describing him as an ingrate.