Public and private schools in Enugu State have resumed academic activities after six months of lockdown, following COVID-19 pandemic. Our correspondent, who monitored the resumption in some schools in Enugu metropolis, on Monday, observed that public and private schools visited had commenced academic activities. The schools’ head teachers, who spoke to NAN, said that students and pupils resumed in large numbers with strict adherence to COVID-19 protocols. Our correspondent observed that the schools made available water, hand sanitizer and liquid soap for everyone and students were wearing facemasks. The pupils were made to sit in pairs on each seat that formerly meant for three persons while others, especially in primary schools sat one each on a seat in their classrooms. The Vice Principal, Union Boys, Awkunanaw, Mrs Ijeoma Jideofor, told our correspondent that a large number of students turned up. Jideofor said that COVID-19 protocols were observed both in the classrooms and within the school premises. “Each classroom has a plastic tap bucket with clean running water, sanitizer and soap. “Both the students and teachers were mandated to wear green colour facemasks provided by the school management as it is now part of the school uniform,” Jideofor said. The Head Teacher, Igbariam Primary School 3, Mrs Caroline Ogbodo, told our correspondent that about 65 per cent of the pupils came to school with their face masks on. Ogbodo said that all the schools were working according to the Enugu State Government directives as regards reopening of schools in the state. According to her, the state government provided all public schools with the necessary materials for everyone to remain safe while in the school environment. “Supervisors from the state ministry of education are already here to monitor the academic activities and to find out if the COVID-19 protocols are being observed effectively,” she explained. Miss Ogochukwu Eze, God’s Care Nursery and Primary School, Achara Layout, said that the academic activities in the school had commenced for the third term of the 2019/2020 academic session. According to Eze, a circular from the state ministry of education on school resumption exempted pupils in nursery classes.