The Minister of Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola, has called on Management and Staff of the Ministry to remain focused and develop personal value for excellence and efficient service delivery, particularly in realizing the Ministry’s mandate.  The Minister gave the advise in a statement on Monday in Abuja when he inaugurated the 2020 Staff Training Exercise in Mararaba, Karu Local Government Area of Nasarawa State. The minister was represented by the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry, Georgina Ehuriah. Aregbeshola said the present administration was poised towards lifting the service to a world class status through the imbuement of modern work practices and processes. This, he said, include: skills acquisition by civil servants in ICT-Digital Model, particularly in the post COVID-19 era where public operation might likely move from the normal hard copy to Computer based. According to him, the civil service was a place for self-development, and therefore, workers must learn to set high targets for themselves through development of self-excellence. The minister said further that civil servants in the country must see themselves as agents for the promotion of growth, peace and stability. He noted that the training exercise was designed to prepare staff ahead of the post COVID-19 challenges as the pandemic had gradually altered the operations of government. Aregbeshola, however, called on them to take advantage of the training to develop themselves in line with the changing trends for effective performance, to enable the realisation of government’s programmes, policies and projects. The minister also reminded staff on the need to see the service as a place for self-development, prosperity and service to the nation. “I urge you to live your dreams, love and respect your jobs so as to ensure the actualisation of the present administration’s policy thrust. “Make use of the training opportunities provided for you by the ministry to develop yourself for optimum performance at your duty posts,” he said. Earlier, Chairman, Joint Union Leadership, Mr Bassey Ukpenetus, pledged staff continual commitment to duty to achieve the ministry’s mandate. He commended the present administration’s efforts at entrenching transparency in the conduct of government business and in the improvement and development of staff through capacity building and the provision of a conducive working environment. Ukpenetus, however, assured that the union would continue to ensure industrial harmony between it and the management of the ministry to provide efficient services to Nigerians. Also, the Managing Director, Meqstar Global, Mrs Mercy Agboola, commended the ministry for organising capacity building for its staff. Agboola assured that with the calibre of the facilitators engaged for the training, the staff would be better equipped for effective performance and service delivery, especially with the contemporary realities.