President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), Rev. Felix Omobude, has urged the electorate to remain peaceful and orderly before, during and after the Sept. 19 governorship election in Edo.  Omobude, who is also the General Superintendent, Gospel Light International Ministry (GLIM) – New Covenant Gospel Church (NCGC), made the call in a statement issued in Benin on Tuesday. In the statement by his media aide, Deacon Ralph Okhiria, the PFN President is quoted as saying “the election of any politician is not worthy of the blood or life of any resident of the state. “My dear good people of Edo state, I identify and join my voice to the many other good citizens of the state to call for peace during this governorship election scheduled for Saturday. “The contestants have traversed the length and breadth of the state and have told us what they intend to do and can do. It is now our duty to make our choices and then come out boldly to exercise our franchise. “I want to call on you to do what is right. Don’t give yourself to violence, don’t allow your children to be used for violent activities. “The Church stands for truth. We stand for justice. We stand for equity. Let’s defend our values. Truth must overcome falsehood. Light must overcome darkness.’’ Omobude also advised the electorate against selling their votes, reminding them that their Permanent Voter’s Cards (PVC) was their power to ensure good governance. “In your voting, don’t sell your conscience. Stand for what is right and the overall interest and development of our great state. “Election is a period to reward good with our votes and also a period to punish evil with our Personal Voter’s Cards (PVC). “The PFN also wishes to once again appeal to our politicians to be more circumspect in their utterances and activities, by ensuring that they put the state first in all their conducts. “They should not let their ambitions blindfold them or override the peace of the state. It is important that politicians do not destroy the state and people they aspire to govern. “Furthermore, it is important that the security agencies and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) carry out their jobs professionally, to engender peaceful, free, fair and credible election that we will all be proud of,’’ the PEN president said. He enjoined all Christians in Nigeria, particularly those in Edo State, to be prayerful and go back to their core value as the pillars of truth and rise up in prayers against the forces of evil.