Prof. Isa Chiroma, Director-General, Nigerian Law School, said 1,779 candidates (70.86 per cent) were successful at the school’s final examinations held in January.  Chiroma made this known in Abuja on Tuesday at the presentation of the candidates for Call to the Bar. He enjoined the candidates to make the best of the legal profession, and ensure strict adherence to its norms and ethics. The director-general said the school would always remain the gatekeepers of the noble profession, adding that it would continue to uphold the standard and integrity of the Bar. According to him, the total number of students who participated in the examinations is 2,515, while the total number of successful candidates is 1,779. “Five (0.2 per cent) candidates were graded in First Class, while 76 others were graded in Second Class Upper, representing 3.06 per cent. “Candidates graded in Second Class Lower are 633 (25.17 per cent) and 1,065 candidates had Pass, representing 42.43 per cent. “These figures translate to 70.86 per cent success at the Bar Final Examinations. “I wish to assure all of you that we shall remain the gatekeepers of our noble profession. “As teachers and administrators, we will continue to uphold the standard and integrity of the Bar,” he said. Chiroma added that the Nigerian Law School had contributed to the training of an entire arm of government, the judiciary. He said that some of the products had achieved profound feat of getting to the top of their career nationally and across borders. Also, Mr Onueze Okocha, Chairman, Body of Benchers, tasked the new wigs with great responsibilities and serious undertakings in the legal profession. Okocha urged them to exhibit good character, dignity and high honour with deep learning, and to always uphold honesty and integrity in the discharge of their duties. He commended the Council of Legal Education and the Nigerian Law School for the training programmes administered for the benefit of the students. Okocha said the council would ensure that candidates for admission into the legal profession were equipped with requisite knowledge and skills to enable them to practice as legal professionals.