The Inspector-General of Police (IG), Muhammed Adamu, says the Police will continue to play a neutral role in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State scheduled for Oct. 10.  Adamu made the promise when some Civil Society Organizations (CSOs), paid him a courtesy visit at the Police Force Headquarters on Monday in Abuja. “We will replicate the professionalism displayed by the police in the just concluded Edo governorship election, in Ondo State. “If at all there were any strategic lapses during the Edo governorship elections, we will make sure they are corrected before going into Ondo State election,” he said. The IG assured Nigerians, especially the people of Ondo State that the forthcoming election would be better than the just concluded Edo governorship election. Adamu commended the Independent National Electoral Commission, the CSOs, other security agencies, as well as stakeholders for their roles during the election. On the Police Act that was just signed into law by President Muhammadu Abuhari, he praised the CSOs, noting that they fought seriously for the actualization of the Act. According to Adamu, with the signing of the Act into law, it will go a long way in making the Nigeria Police Force a professional force in the discharge of its constitutional responsibilities. The convener of the organizations, Mr Clement Nnakwo, commended the IG and his personnel for displaying professionalism during the just concluded Edo governorship election. “We hope that your men will replicate what happened in Edo, in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. “We believe the training those deployed to Edo have is the same training those to be deployed to Ondo have. We do know that police have the culture of managing elections in the country as evident in Edo,” Nnakwo said. He noted that the recent development in Edo was the only way the nation’s democracy could survive. Nnakwo commended President Muhammadu Buhari for signing the Police Act into law, adding that it would go a long way in strengthening the police service. The convener also commended the IG for his effort in making sure that the Act came to fruition “This is an Act that had been there for 77 years, only for it to see the light of the day some few days ago,” Nnakwo said.