A Diaspora Yoruba coalition, Yoruba One Voice (YOV), has alleged a ploy by a popular unnamed politician based in Lagos to disrupt a peaceful protest by the group slated for Thursday, October 1. The Coalition in a statement made available to newsmen on Monday and signed by its Communications Director, Zacheaus Somorin, alleged that the politician plans to sponsor some miscreants to disrupt the peaceful protest. The group claimed that it got information from its sources that each of the 500 hoodlums would be given N5, 000 each to carry out the task. “As a coalition, we are using this medium to advise the sponsor of this malevolent act to desist from such as any action that will derail the liberation of Yoruba nations would not be taken lightly. “Ideologically, YOV is no longer interested in a country that is seeking loan to develop another country – Niger Republic to be specific; with a rail network; we are not interested in a country that finds it palpably impossible to provide adequate security, electricity, quality road, food security, job security, affordable housing scheme, quality education, good public health sector. Nigeria is a country that doesn’t believe in the rule of law, hence fated to have a negative image – globally. “The Nigerian State is preponderant of nepotism, with a centrally minded and clannish leader. This is evident in the Katsina State’s situation – there are 22 federal projects actively going on there; including refineries,” the statement read in part The group pointed out that, “No one needs to be told that the Katsina refinery is to serve the interests of Chad and Niger Republic. No single major project is going on in the state of his vice, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. “As we prepare for the October 1st rally, we appreciate the efforts of all the affiliate groups and organisations for a planned peaceful demonstration in all the six continents and 176 countries. While referring to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo’s admittance that Nigeria could be heading for a national break up if urgent action is not taken, collectively, to mend and address the identified cracks that could fasten the unfortunate break up, the group added that, “We don’t want to belong to a country where ISIS and Al-Qaeda, have invade like Mideast. “We want Oodua Republic that we can leave in peace and be a prosperous nation soon through referendum.”