The Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, has commended Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa state, for naming one of the JAMB CBT centres after his immediate predecessor.  Oloyede, who made the commendation while on a courtesy call to Sule in Lafia on Thursday, said naming of a hall after former Gov. Tanko Al-makura signifies a patriotism to the state on the part of the governor. According to the JAMB registrar, the gesture is really impressive, especially at a time when some people are busy fighting each other, instead of facing the job they were elected for. “That you could have named such beautiful place after your immediate predecessor was very impressive. It may be ordinary to you but given our circumstances and what we see here and there, it’s not ordinary at all,” he stated. On the purpose of the visit, the JAMB registrar said he was in the state to monitor the implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding for the setting up of professional test centres in Lafia. He said that the MoU was signed between his organisation and the state government, with a view to fine tuning grey areas. While commending the state government for facilities in the centres, Oloyede said there was need to delineate between the three CBT centres for easy identification, especially since 2000 candidates are expected to use them. He disclosed that after carefully weighing on the issues, they decided to name one of the remaining two CBT centres Abdullahi Sule Hall, while naming the remaining centre JAMB CBT Centre. The JAMB registrar further commended Sule for securing the release of all the 26 FRSC officials recently kidnapped, as well as his inroads in education. Oloyede lamented that security has become a problem in the country, blaming lack of proper education and growing poverty as part of the problems causing insecurity in the country. Responding, Sule expressed appreciation to JAMB for bringing the professional test centres to the state. While noting that the state is also monitoring the implantation of the agreement entered into with JAMB, with a view to making sure that it fulfill all its responsibilities, Sule said the CBT centres came at the right time. According to the governor, with the state’s proximity to the FCT, coupled with the attraction the state continue to receive and with industries coming into Nasarawa, the CBT centres were the right thing for JAMB to put in place. Commenting on naming one of the halls after his immediate predecessor, the governor said that was the only right thing to do, since former governor Al-makura started the project. He disclosed that the 300KV Akurba power substation, which he inherited at 70 per cent completion, now at 98 per cent completion, would also be named after Al-makura. Sule said he will name the Farin Ruwa project when completed after the first civilian governor of the state, Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, who initiated the project.