The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has felicitated with Christian faithful, as they join the rest of the world to celebrate Easter.  Lawan in a statement he signed in Abuja on Friday, said that Easter marked the triumph of Jesus Christ over sin, adversity and death. “This occasion is relevant today more than ever before as mankind passes through one of the darkest clouds in history. “However, if we draw the right lessons from the death of Jesus on the cross at Calvary and his resurrection, we become more confident as we fight Coronavirus and all other trials that today test our faith. “My belief is that this is a passing phase for Nigeria and the entire world and that our faith is a potent spiritual weapon for the pursuit of victory.” He called on all citizens to be fervent in prayer for divine intervention to vanquish the pandemic, heal the sick and renew the world and Nigeria. “We should not allow the frightening reports from other parts of the world on the pandemic to discourage us or weaken our hope. “Rather, such reports should remind us of the divine mercy under which we live in this clime, and strengthen our determination to rout this virus and others. Meanwhile, former Deputy Senate President Sen. Ike Ekweremadu has called on Nigerians to pray and also take responsibility by staying safe during Easter amidst the Coronavirus pandemic. Uche Anichukwu, Special Adviser (Media) to Ekweremadu made the call in a press statement in Abuja on Friday. According to Ekweremadu, the resurrection of Jesus Christ demonstrated God’s power over all creation, and circumstances, even infirmity and death. “At Easter, I enjoin the Christian faithful to go to God in prayer that His resurrection power may heal our nation and indeed a despaired world ravaged by COVID-19 Pandemic. “I also enjoin all Nigerians to take responsibility at this critical time, adhering religiously to the precautionary measures, protocol, and guidelines released by the various strata of government and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) in order to prevent community spread of the virus”, he said.