The Speaker, Nasarawa State House of Assembly, Alhaji Ibrahim Abdullahi, has called on Gov. Abdullahi Sule to direct the State Boundary Commission to address issues of boundary disputes among communities in the state.  Abdullahi made the call on Monday while reading the House resolution after Alhaji Suleiman Yakubu (APC- Awe South) raised the issue under the matter of public importance during plenary in Lafia. According to the Speaker, the call became necessary to ensure peace and development of the state. The speaker said that the importance of peace to societal development could not be overemphasised, hence the need for the assembly’s call. He appreciated the mover of the motion and other members for contributing positively on the matter toward ensuring peaceful co-existence among communities in the state. “The importance of peace to societal development could not be overemphasised as peace is priceless and non-negotiable. “No society or nation will achieve meaningful progress and development without peace. “It is in view of this that we are calling on the governor to direct the State Boundary Commission to take all the necessary steps to bring sanity to our communities in all issues regarding boundary adjustment. “This is to forestall disagreement among communities and to further avert destruction of lives and property as a result of boundary disagreements,” he said. He directed the clerk of the House to communicate the House’s resolution to the governor for necessary action. Earlier, Alhaji Suleiman Azara (APC-Awe South), while raising the matter expressed dismay over communal crises due to boundary disagreements among communities in his constituency. He listed some of the affected communities to include Azara and Baure, Kanje and Mahanga, Ribi and Adudu, as well as Abuni and Adudu among others. After contributions from members, the lawmakers unanimously passed a resolution calling on the State government to do the needful so that it would completely bring an end to the issue. Similarly, the speaker slated Tuesday, April 21, for deliberation on report of the House Standing Committee on Lands and Survey on a Bill for a Law to Amend the Nasarawa State Geographic Information Service (NAGIS). The report was presented by Mr David Maiyaki, the Chairman House Committee on lands and survey. The Speaker also slated April 21, for the third reading of “A Bill for a Law to Establish the Nasarawa State Environmental Law and other Connected Purposes Thereof.”