Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday, inaugurated a 70-bed COVID-19 Isolation and Treatment Center located within the premises of Landmark Exhibition Centre in Eti-Osa Local Government Area.  It was reported that the 70-bed Eti-Osa Isolation Centre was constructed by the Young President Organisation (YPO), Lagos State Chapter. The centre has a ten-bed intensive care isolation unit, four ventilators, monitors, respirators, mobile x-ray, ultrasound and oxygen equipment. Sanwo-Olu, at the unveiling, said the facility would provide additional capacity to support the already existing isolation facilities in the state. He said that the facility signifies a working and fruitful collaboration between the public and the private sector. The Governor maintained that the facility was a clear demonstration and commitment of his administration to an all-inclusive system of governance. “What we have seen here today is another demonstration of Public Private Partnership (PPP) collaboration between the State government and a Consortium; the Young President Organisation which is peopled by crop of professionals from different fields coming together to fund this laudable project,” he said. While commending YPO for the project, Sanwo-Olu said the facility had been taken over by the State government, but would be operated by the government in collaboration with the organisation. He expressed satisfaction at the level of preparedness of the medical professionals that would operate the facility, stressing that it was ready to commence patient admission. Earlier, the Lagos State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyo Onigbanjo, coordinated the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on the operation and management of the facility. It was signed between the Lagos State Government represented by the Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, and representative of YPO, Tatiana Mousalli. Eighty clinical and non-clinical staff, including doctors, nurses and intensive care professionals, who had undergone training on Infection Prevention and Control, as well as COVID-19 case management, would operate the facility.