The All Progressives Congress (APC), Ebonyi chapter has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his proactive actions in the fight against COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria.  Mr Eze Nwachukwu, APC state chairman at a press briefing on Wednesday in Abakaliki said that the proactive steps taken by the Buhari-led government were commendable. “The party applaud the Federal Government for approving test and treatment centres in all the six geopolitical zones of the country and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to ease emergency response and containment of the virus. “It further commended Mr President for the palliative programmes aimed at providing succour for the poor and vulnerable Nigerians.” Nwachukwu said that the emergence of test centres for COVID-19 in Nigeria showed the President’s commitment and leadership to Nigerians. “Most commendable is the proactive steps in setting up silos in Nigeria to strenghten the nation’s strategic grain reserve. The government has been distributing food palliatives from these silos to cushion the hardship caused by lockdown and sit-at-home orders. “We in Ebonyi APC are proud of you Mr President and we celebrate your efforts in making Nigeria great again.” Nwachukwu also commended the state governor, Chief Dave Umahi for his resilience in the fight against the disease and ensuring that no case of the virus has been recorded in Ebonyi. He, however, appealed to the governor to relax the ban on the use of motocycle in all parts of the state, urging him to limit the ban to the border areas. “Ebonyi people are predominantly farmers and majority of our people are poor and the only means of transportation and movement of farm produce from farm lands are through the use of motocycles. “It is difficult now for people to convey their farm inputs to the farms and the implication is better imagined. “If these local people who have been doing great work to produce food in Ebonyi do not have the means to convey human and materials to their farms, we are affraid that the post COVID-19 era will be so devastating,” he added. He applauded Ebonyi government for closing the borders and called for strict enforcement of the closure to stem illegal movement of persons in and out of the state. “We support the closure of Ebonyi borders because the measure has worked very well and advice all strict enforcement until the pandemic is over,” he said.