As the COVID-19 lockdown in Lagos State continues, Sen. Solomon Adeola (APC Lagos-West) has donated N50 million cash for distribution among his constituents as part of relief measures.  Adeola is also the Chairman, Senate Committee on Finance. In a statement by his Media Adviser, Chief Kayode Odunaro and made available to newsmen on Tuesday in Abuja, the donation would be distributed across the 10 Local Government Areas and 18 Local Council Development Areas of the senatorial district. According to the lawmaker, the gesture is to complement the efforts of the Lagos State Government under Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu in ameliorating the hardship and inconveniences of the COVID-19 lockdown. He further advised that as much as possible, Lagosians should abide by all precautionary measures by government to contain and eliminate the pandamic, especially social distancing. “In addition to all measures taken by the National Assembly as donation and palliative towards the fight against COVID-19, I deem it fit to go a step further in view of the huge population of the district and the many poor and vulnerable constituents. “I urge my constituents to see the donation as my contribution to lessen the inconveniences of the lockdown with a view to return of normalcy soon,” Adeola stated. He stated that he had set up a Six member committee across each LGAs and LCDAs to implement the cash disbursement in the senatorial district. The lawmaker further noted that the disbursement was targeted at the first instance, on 15,000 vulnerable individuals, families and groups. According to him, beneficiaries will be receiving sums ranging from N2,500 for individuals and N250,000 for groups, based on needs. Adeola noted that the ugly incident of the COVID-19 and its trajectory in the country had further reinforced the call on the Federal Government to grant Lagos State a special status and funding, in view of its population. He stressed that such gesture would ultimately be in the national interest as the fight against COVID-19 had clearly shown.