The Minister of State for FCT, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, on Monday in Abuja urged the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) to ensure constant electricity supply especially during the stay-at-home period.  The minister gave the advice when management of the company donated palliative items to support the FCT administration’s efforts at cushioning the effect of the stay-at-home measure on the people. Aliyu said the call became necessary because power supply ”is the greatest tool to enable our people stay-at-home,” in obedience to government’s order. The minister lauded the company for supporting the FCT administration with palliative items for distribution to vulnerable people in rural communities. Aliyu also praised the AEDC for connecting the Sample Testing Centres to the national grid, saying that it assisted those concerned to have accurate test result. “On behalf of the FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, I want to commend the sacrifices made by all stakeholders in this battle against COVID-19. “I thank the leadership of AEDC very sincerely for identifying with us in this difficult period. “Before now, our Sample Collection Centre located at the Central Business District, just behind the International Conference Centre (ICC), was not connected but when we called the AEDC, under 24 hours, there was light. “I want to use this occasion to call on AEDC to ensure that there is constant power supply in other centres so that we can have samples that are very correct and accurate. “You did not stop there, you still came back to support us with palliative items to cushion the effect of COVID-19.” ”With your magnanimity and that of other bodies, this administration was able to reach out to our people.” “I task you to do your best by ensuring incessant power supply because that is the greatest tool to enable our people stay-at-home,” Aliyu said. Responding, the Managing Director of AEDC, Mr Ernest Mupwaya, said that the company had followed with a deep sense of appreciation, the way the Federal Government and FCT administration responded to the outbreak of the coronavirus. Mupwaya also expressed appreciation to the administration for the provision of palliative items for residents of the territory. “Given the high level of commitment of your administration to the fight against the pandemic, our board was encouraged to enlist in the fight by supporting you with electrification of the COVID-19 Isolation Centre at ThisDay Dome in the Central Business District, Railway Training Institute at Idu and Utako Isolation Centre and donation of food items for residents of the FCT. “We are sincerely delighted to have the opportunity to contribute to your efforts to save the lives of residents of FCT. “We trust that this modest contribution will provide some succour to vulnerable residents of FCT affected by the pandemic,” he said. Mupwaya, commended the FCT administration for taking steps aimed at flattening the curve and totally defeating the virus in the territory. It was reported that items donated by the company include 100 bags of 50kg rice, 38 bags of 50kg beans, 60 bags of 10kg Semovita and 40 kegs of 25kg palm oil.