Some residents of Kano metropolis have expressed support to the two weeks total lockdown order of the state announced by President Muhammadu Buhari.  It was reported that President Buhari in a broadcast on Monday announced the total lockdown of the state with immediate effect to stem the spread of coronavirus. The President said: “With regards to Kano, I have directed the enforcement of a total lockdown for a period of two weeks effective immediately. “The Federal Government shall deploy all the necessary human, material and technical resources to support the State in controlling and containing the pandemic and preventing the risk of further spread to neighbouring States.” The residents, in separate interviews NAN described the move as a welcome development. Mr Habibu Umar, a resident of Rijiyar Zaki area of the metropolis, said the measure was timely and would help to contain the pandemic. Umar noted that most residents were not complying with the lockdown and social distancing order, as such the total lockdown was necessary to avert further spread of the virus. “The mass deaths recorded in the state necessitated such proactive measures to protect public health and stem the pandemic,” he added. Another resident, Mr Usman Baballe, said he would be happy if the lockdown is relaxed after payment of salaries to enable workers do some shopping for the Ramadan. “We will stay indoors as we are law abiding citizens and pray for a quick end to the pandemic,” he said. Baballe commended the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19 for its efforts in containing the virus in the country. Also, Aminu Ibrahim, a resident, urged the state and Federal Government to ensure fairness in the distribution of palliative to less privileged members of the society. Ibrahim said the lockdown had exposed residents who were mostly petty traders and daily income earners to hardship, stressing that such support from the government would encourage them to stay-at-home. He also called on the people to adhere to advices on precautionary measures against the virus, in order to remain safe and healthy. Ibrahim urged residents to observe social distancing and maintain good personal hygiene in order to stay safe. Recall that Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje had on April 14, ordered total lockdown of the state for seven days, to prevent further spread of COVID-19. The lockdown order was also extended for a week after it was relaxed for 12 hours on April 23. Kano state has over 77 confirmed cases of Coronavirus.