Nigeria loves sports betting with 4 sports betting websites among the top 50 websites most-commonly visited by Nigerians. 22Bet is the betting platform in Nigeria that has just recently entered the ever-growing market of the country. The company started 13 years ago in 2007. Thus, they have been present for a long time and have witnessed the birth of smartphones and much more. The company is licensed in Curacao or Cyprus and they offer a wide range of sports betting services. In their beginnings, the company was oriented towards Russian users and over time, gradually entered other markets. When choosing the best company for your needs, you need to evaluate all of their positive and negative aspects. As for 22Bet, their advantages are that they accept the Nigerian currency Naira so people don’t have to lose money on conversions. Additionally, the company provides competitive odds and bonuses and a plethora of sports markets for betting purposes. The biggest downside is that sometimes it takes a while for withdrawals. Their website’s design is brilliant with two dominant colours, white and green that make the website smooth. The most important trait in the design process is the simplicity of complexity meaning that all things appear simple but they have been carefully designed. Such is the case with 22Bet too. The design is clear and convenient which is why users love to bet on the website. Their mobile application is quite similar to the website and comes in two most popular formats as iOS and Android. The operator provides up to 100% welcome bonus of the first deposit of up to 50000 Nigerian Naira. Additionally, players also receive 22 betting points that are usable in their shop. They provide a wide range of payment methods covering all majors ones and even cryptocurrencies. Transaction fees are 0% and withdrawals take around 15 minutes. Their customer support is excellent and is available via live chat, phone or email. Their live chat is not 24/7 available but they do respond to inquiries.  As can be seen, 22Bet is a serious and licensed company that covers numerous betting markets and provides a lot of features to its players. The company has centred around users and puts much attention to the design and convenience of their service which is why they are successful. The company provide SSL encryption and have never had any associated fraud cases.