WarnerMedia and Trending Media Africa are pleased to announce the commencement of a strategic partnership that will further diversify WarnerMedia’s business streams, while offering Trending Media Africa (TMA) clients access to advertising solutions on the high-quality American blockbuster movie channel, TNT, as well as WarnerMedia’s iconic kids’ channels, Cartoon Network and Boomerang. WarnerMedia has been present in Africa for more than 20 years, operating six channels across the continent in 56 English, French and Portuguese speaking countries; including Africa’s favourite kids’ channels – Cartoon Network and Boomerang – and Africa’s tailored blockbusters destination, TNT. “Our wide portfolio allows us to target a large array of segments from young adults, to families, to kids. We can, therefore, offer client’s a fully integrated advertising offering on our channels,” says Guillaume Coffin, VP Head of Commercial and Business Development Turner France, Africa & Israel. “We know that clients are looking for fully integrated advertising packages which WarnerMedia is now able to do in Nigeria through our TMA partnership.” On its part, Trending Media Africa is one of Nigeria’s leading media sales representatives for satellite TV, radio and other related media platforms with a cumulative experience spanning over 50 years. The company has demonstrated its understanding and clear vision of what customer relationships and satisfaction should be, thus becoming a key player in a booming and highly dynamic market, where brands are more and more active to gain market shares. “We are excited to partner with the world’s leading media and entertainment giant. Nigeria is a vibrant market that holds a lot of growth potential for the brand, and, we will work closely with WarnerMedia to deliver the best returns,” says Julius Osumah, Managing Partner, Operations at TMA remarked, TMA is now representing WarnerMedia’s channels in Nigeria, giving clients access to a broader distribution with its kids’ channels, and movie destination TNT, being available across DStv’s Family and Premium offerings. At the same time, Cartoon Network and TNT are accessible to GOtv subscribers on GOtv MAX, and TNT also featuring on the GOtv Jolli package. “With TMA’s expertise and its ability to bringing game-changing innovation coupled with trade marketing flair, we are convinced that with this new partnership, we will bring even more value to clients,” Coffin concluded. Following the new partnership, Carton Network and Boomerang will be bringing fresh content like the all-new I, Elvis Riboldi, Lamput and Kingdom Force to their channels, as well as more than 1 000 new episodes of the channels’ favourites like Teen Titans Go, DC Superhero Girls, Apple and Onion, Zig and Sharko and Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz. TNT has an exciting line-up with great blockbusters such as The Illusionist, Crank, Robin Hood, Gladiator, The Island, Jurassic Park and King Kong. WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others. Cartoon Network Africa is the fun and irreverent multi-platform entertainment brand that offers kids, 7-12 years old, unexpected and imaginative experiences with high quality, multi-layered comedy and adventure shows. Cartoon Network is Africa’s favourite kids’ channel, leading the pay-TV market in South Africa. Reaching 12 million viewers every month, the channel has been voted ‘Coolest Kids TV Channel’ by South African youth. In addition to Emmy-winning original programming such as The Power Puff Girls and Ben 10, and fresh new Cartoon Network originals like Craig of the Creek, Apple & Onion and Summer Camp Island, Cartoon Network embraces local productions such as Pop Up Party and Mike and Rob. With Cartoon Network, you can expect the unexpected and laugh out loud! Home to your favourite cartoon characters, Boomerang Africa gives kids aged 4-7 years old, and their families, more to laugh about in a safe space. Boomerang is filled with pure universal fun and surprises as seen from a kids’ perspective. Reaching eight million people in South Africa alone, the channel is the #2 most popular kids’ channel in French speaking Africa and holds top spot in the ‘Coolest Animated Brand or Entertainment Characters’ category in South Africa with the famous cat and mouse frenemies, Tom & Jerry. Boomerang’s programming includes other favourite TV shows such as Mr Bean, Wacky Races, New Looney Tunes, Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz, as well as new Boomerang originals, Taffy and The Happos Family, alongside local African Boomerang productions such as Safari Comedy Show and WOOALA!. Tailormade for African fans, TNT offers the best of contemporary and Hollywood blockbusters, with programming built on an action-driven, pulse-raising slate, mixed with romantic gems and hilarious comedy – just as our African fans like it. TNT is available in 49 English-speaking African countries, through DStv, channel 137. The channel reaches 6.7 million South African households every month and offers programming that is relevant and interesting to African fans, with channel premieres of films such as Robin Hood, Jurassic Park and Pitch Perfect. Trending Media Africa is a Media Sales Representative for Satellite TV, Radio and related media platforms. TMA is a company with a clear vision of what customer relationship and satisfaction should be in an industry that deals with big advertising budgets and a saturated media space.