Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun on Tuesday called on all students in the state to cooperate with his administration in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus in the state.  Abiodun made the call while distributing relief materials to the stranded students of the Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta and Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro. The governor said the gesture was to cushion the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown in the state on the students. The relief materials included bags of rice, cartons of noodles, bags of garri and soft drinks, among others. The distribution was facilitated by the office of the Special Assistant to the Governor on Students’ Matters, Azeez Adeyemi. Abiodun urged the students to continue to comply with all the precautionary measures put in place to flatten the curve of COVID-19 in the state. He gave the assurance that the state government was doing everything within its power to ensure that the pandemic became a thing of the past. “I want to sincerely appreciate you – students – for the support you have given this administration so far. It is very important for us to contribute our own quota in the fight against coronavirus. “Ensure that you comply with all the precautionary measures put in place by government. Wash your hands regularly with soap and running water; stay at home and stay safe,” he said. The governor expressed optimism that with all the measures put in place, the state would soon halt the spread of coronavirus. The governor reiterated his administration’s commitment to restoring the lost glory of education in the state. He added that his administration must achieve unprecedented development in the education sector, saying it was important for the students to support his administration. Abiodun said that the students remained key stakeholders in the repositioning of the sector, and added that they would be carried along in the policy making process of his administration. The students commended the governor for the kind gesture, saying that the materials would go a long way in cushioning the effect of the lockdown on them.