The Nigerian Shippers’ Council (NSC) on Wednesday disclosed that the ports would be opened during the public holidays and weekend from Good Friday April 10 through Easter Monday April 13.  The Executive Secretary/Chief Executive Officer of NSC, Mr Hassan Bello, said in Lagos that the Nigeria Customs Service and the terminals would operate during this period. Bello urged Freight Forwarders, logistics providers and shippers to take advantage of this opportunity to take delivery of their cargos out of ports. “More importantly, Freight Forwarders are advised to use tomorrow April 9 which is the last working day to perfect all documentation processes, including shipping company release (DO) and (TDO) from the terminals. “Freight Forwarders should be guided accordingly as only those who are at the point of taking delivery of their goods are expected to be at the ports,” he said. Bello said that further to the directive of President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide address of March 29, in which he said that the ports/terminals remain operational, a visit was paid to Five-Star Logistics (FSL). He said that Nigeria, like other countries, cannot afford to close down ports; this was to allow cargo flow, particularly pharmaceutical products, industrial raw materials and hospital equipment among others. He commended the terminals for the compliance measures put in place to prevent the spread of Covid-19. He noted the provision of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) for the use of everyone on the premises as the terminal remained operational during the lockdown. He said the council was working tirelessly to ensure that port operations and seamless movement of cargo delivery was achieved. The FSL Management represented by the General Manager, Mr Wolfgang Schneider, informed the Shippers’ Council management that only essential staff came to work. He said that the terminal had over 5000-6000 vehicles ready for delivery during the Easter Public holidays and highlighted various challenges, most important of which, he noted, was the limited space for storage. He also appealed to NSC to intervene in the matter of barge operations by ensuring that they continue.