The Federal Government says it is collaborating with stakeholders in the production circle to harness the potential of ethanol for mass production of sanitisers to curb the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.  Mr Adeniyi Adebayo, the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, disclosed this on Thursday in Abuja at the weekly engagement with the Emergency Operation Centre (EOC) of the Committee On Sustainable Production/Delivery of Essential Commodities During COVID-19. Adebayo said that the collaboration would guarantee the availability of raw materials for quick mass production of sanitisers which has been a daily necessity in the fight against the pandemic. He said the ministry had arranged a teleconference with almost all producers of sanitiser in the country to find a way of ensuring that they harness the potentials of ethanol. According to him, this will make the byproducts available and cheap for all Nigerians to access. The minister emphasised the need to observe market protocol including wearing of face masks and having hand sanitiser among other precautionary measures on approved market days before being allowed into the market for transactions. “I need to stress that, while there is an undeniable need for markets to be open on some days for people to restock on household supplies. ”It is most important for the set protocol during the process to be complied with to the latter. “The use of face masks and hand sanitisers on market days are non-negotiable to limit the spread of the virus until the scourge blows over,” he said. Adebayo called on security operatives to allow farmers access their farms for necessary farm activities like fertilising and harvesting in order to ensure food sufficiency during COVID-19 and beyond. He however added that the farmers must wear their face masks as well as observe other preventive measures. “This synergy between our law enforcement agencies, our essential goods manufacturers, the producers and the ministry, has allowed us to be able to meet critical demands at this time,” he said.