The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has commended Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD), for their sacrifice ferrying petroleum products across the nooks and crannies of the country.  The corporation made the commendation in a statement signed by its Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr Kennie Obateru, on Friday in Lagos. The statement noted that the tanker drivers’ selfless service during the lockdown had ensured smooth distribution of petroleum products during the restriction period. It quoted the Managing Director of the NNPC Retail Ltd., Sir Billy Okoye, as saying that NNPC Retail Ltd’s filling stations, were to remain operational throughout the period of the lockdown to meet the energy needs of Nigerians. Okoye disclosed that all NNPC Retail outlets, numbering more than 600 across the country, were wet with sufficient petroleum products, ready to serve the public. He explained that the company’s retail outlets were stocked with sufficient petroleum products, with PPMC depots holding its products in various states of the federation. Okoye added that NNPC Retail Ltd’s products were daily being trucked to stations strategically located across Nigeria, urging consumers not to engage in panic buying. “Our major responsibility is to ensure that there is fuel supply in our stations. “We have enough products at all our storage tanks and at our depots; we also have a large quantity of products in transit to our stations. Nigerians don’t need to panic,” Okoye said. He, on behalf of NNPC Management, thanked the various state governors for allowing petroleum tankers to crisscross their states despite the movement restriction order. Okoye also commended security agencies, PTDs, Nigerian Association of Road Transport Owners (NARTO), National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) and all other service providers in the Downstream value chain for their support. He thanked Nigerians for their understanding during this period, assuring that the NNPC retail stations would remain open to avoid any shock in the supply and distribution of petroleum products across the country. Okoye also lauded the Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Malam Mele Kyari, for the strategic leadership he had provided during this challenging time. He said stakeholders in the Downstream Sector were ready to collaborate with NNPC to ensure Nigeria was wet with petroleum products at all times.