As more corporate organisations and individuals continue to donate toward boosting the response to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, Nestle Nigeria Plc has contributed items and cash worth N700 million to support the cause.  Our correspondent reports that the donation includes nutritious food and beverage products worth N450 million expected to reach about 600,000 vulnerable people hit by the crisis. Mr Mauricio Alarcon, the outfit’s Managing Director, in a statement in Lagos, disclosed that the company also donated N250 million cash for the procurement of medical supplies and Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) being used by medics. “Nestlé is supporting the COVID-19 response efforts led by the Presidential Taskforce, working alongside other private sector partners in the Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID). “We are joining forces with government to do everything we can to help those in need through both financial means and product donations in these unprecedented times where our communities need our support more than ever. “We are donating nutritious food and beverages to reach more than 600,000 vulnerable families who are the most impacted by the crisis. “We are also making a financial donation toward the procurement of medical supplies, including Personal Protection Equipment, to enhance the health and safety of the medical teams and volunteers on the frontline of the fight against the pandemic.” He said that Nestlé Nigeria would, in line with its purpose of enhancing quality of life and contributing to a healthier future, continue to play its essential role of ensuring the uninterrupted availability of food and beverage products. “Such products are critical for the sustenance and well-being of millions of Nigerian families who rely on the company to help feed their families every day,” he said. It was reported that Nestlé Nigeria Plc began simple trading operations in Nigeria in 1961 and has since grown into a leading food manufacturing and marketing company. The firm is reputed to be the biggest food company in West Africa with 2,300 workers serving in its three world-class factories. Nestlé Nigeria manufactures and markets a range of brands including NESTLÉ PURE LIFE, GOLDEN MORN, MILO, MAGGI and NESCAFÉ.