Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun on Thursday signed the Disease (Emergency Prevention) Regulations 2020 law in a bid to enforce the lockdown order to curtail the spread of the coronavirus in the state.  Oyetola, while signing the law, said he made the sit-at- home and state’s lockdown order in the exercise of the powers conferred on him by the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) and other relevant provisions of the State of Osun Public Health Law. The governor said the law was aimed at preventing and curtailing the spread of coronavirus anywhere within the territory of Osun. Oyetola said following the signing of the law, anybody who violates the sit-at-home order would be sentenced to six-month imprisonment or with an option of fine upon conviction. “It has become imperative to go beyond making suggestions and giving directives in order to stem the tide of the spread of Covid-19, save lives, reduce ill health and ensure that the economy in which the people of the State of Osun operate does not become weakened and stretched. “I make the following regulations for the good order,safety, security and public health in the State of Osun,” he said. The regulations read in part: “Under the Law, transmission or dissemination of false information regarding coronavirus is also an offence and it attracts the same punishment. “Similarly, the promotion of unverified, untested, or unapproved cures, vaccines or other similar items that purport to cure, alleviate or reduce instances of persons infected with Covid-19, also constitutes an offence and offenders upon conviction will be liable to six-month imprisonment or an option of fine. “The governor may direct the removal of a Potentially Infectious Person, where such a person fails or refuses to go to a place specified for screening and assessment. “The governor may direct a Potentially Infectious Person within a Local Area to go into isolation for an initial period of 14 days.” Our correspondent reports that Oyetola in a statewide broadcast on March 29 announced the closure of all land borders effective from midnight of March 29. He also said there would be restriction on movement within the state as from March 31 for two weeks to stop the spread of the virus. The governor, however, said that only those on essential duties such as health personnel, environmental officials, security personnel as well as those in media, power, water supply, fire service and telecommunication would be allowed to move around. It was reported that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control had on March 25 confirmed a first index case in the state, while the second index case was confirmed on March 29. There were three more cases on Tuesday and additional nine cases on Wednesday.