Anticipation is on the rise as Konga raises the curtains on what will go down in history as Africa’s first ever live online product auction on Friday May 1, 2020 by 5pm. The revolutionary auction tagged Konga Last Price, which will be hosted live across its social media pages including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube live, will also feature a timed auction on its website – www.konga.com as well as flash sales on social media, both of which will run concurrently with the social media live auction. Among the exciting items to be auctioned are a variety of genuine products from the biggest brands such as Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG), electronics, lifestyle products, computing and devices and household appliances as well as quality wine and spirits. Indeed, a number of globally renowned brands such as Unilever, Lenovo, Samsung, Haier Thermocool, iTEC, Apple, Zinox, LG, Polystar, Tecno, Infinix, Moet among others, have partnered with Konga for this ground-breaking auction, the first of its kind in Africa. All lucky bidders are expected to receive their products within 48 hours. Equally important, a number of shoppers have expressed their excitement and anticipation for the online auction which is set to go live from 5pm today. ‘‘I can’t wait for 5pm. This is another commendable initiative from Konga to go with the many exciting innovations they are known for. The auction is also coming at a good time when salaries have just been paid and many are preparing for the resumption of work on Monday,’’ said Babatope Emmanuel, a software engineer. Backing up his claims was Mrs. Nkem Madu, a nursing professional, who equally expressed her excitement for the upcoming live auction. ‘‘I am prepared for the live auction. Actually, a friend drew my attention to the development which I must praise Konga for. It is a refreshing and world-class idea and I am eager to participate. I have already identified some of the products I need and I will be bidding hard for them,’’ she enthused. A monthly affair, Konga Last Price will offer intending participants on the social media live auction a chance to submit their bids for the products on offer, via comments with their name, phone number, product and bid; with each participant allowed to purchase a maximum of three products while corporate bodies can buy more per category. Subsequently, bid winners will be contacted for payment confirmations via bank transfers at the end of the social media live auction. Also, participants in the timed auction on the Konga website and flash sale on social media will be treated to price slashes which will be announced at the commencement of the live auction. Winners of the flash sales will follow the regular check-out process and can use the Payment on Delivery option when receiving their products. The live online product auction represents another addition to Konga’s growing list of innovations including its pioneering of the marketplace structure in the African e-commerce market as well as the fusion of online and offline in creating a composite retail superstructure.