The Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps, (FRSC) Dr Boboye Oyeyemi has directed Sector Commanders in FCT and Lagos State to work with their respective state authorities to ensure effective mobile court operations for violators of the Presidential order.  Oyeyemi gave the order in a statement issued by the Corps Public Education Officer (CPEO), Mr Bisi Kazeem, on Friday in Abuja. He said that the order became necessary to ensure total compliance with the restriction order placed by the Federal Government to primarily avert the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. The corps marshal said that the directive also applied to other states where governments had constituted mobile courts for the same purpose. He said the establishment of mobile courts had become utterly necessary now, because the only proven remedy to the spread of the virus was for the citizenry to abide by the stay-at-home order. “For those who would intentionally decide to violate the order, the mobile court will serve as a deterrent,” he said. Oyeyemi noted that Lagos state mobile courts had already outlined different penalties for the defaulting individuals. “For individuals arrested violating the order, they will be liable to pay the sum of N10, 000 as fine and also engage in community service for seven days. “Tricycle and motorcycle operators who violate the order will pay the sum of N7, 000; cars drivers will pay N20, 000, and trucks drivers, N50, 000 for violating the order. “All the fines also attract a seven-day compulsory community service,” he added Oyeyemi mandated the sector commanders of the affected states to brace up to the present reality and cooperate maximally with the state governments and the FCT administration for the effective implementation. The corps marshal said that the mobile courts in FCT would be operating at three different locations namely: Mpape, Dantata Bridge by Airport Road and AYA Roundabout. “Violators of the lockdown order will be tried and if found guilty, will be fined and their vehicles impounded until after the lockdown order is lifted,” he said. He warned those not on essential duties to avoid leaving their homes as government was not ready to risk any further spread of the pandemic.