The Nigeria Police Force has warned its officers and men against extortion and abuse of power while enforcing the lockdown orders by government to check the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic.  Mr Bashir Makama, Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG) in charge of Oyo, Osun and Ondo States, gave the warning while speaking with newsmen in Akure, during his monitoring tour in Ondo State on Wednesday. Makama said that it had become imperative for all officers manning the border town to shun acts of indecency, brutality and professional misconduct. According to him, any officer caught in an uncivilized act or other official misconduct will face disciplinary action from the police authority. “We have warned our officers on several occasions and they all know the rules and regulations of Nigeria Police; whoever goes against the rules is doing so at his own peril. “I am sure they are aware of what happened to the officers that were caught in Lagos, and whoever that is seen would be dealt with accordingly. “So, whoever that does that here and is caught would have to face the music,” Makama said. According to him, the Police is already ensuring that criminal elements are not infiltrating through the borders using the opportunity of the lockdown to perpetrate evil in the zone. Makama said that the Inspector General of Police, Mr Muhammed Adamu, had given the marching orders to all police subordinates to ensure the maximum control of men and officers under them during the Coronavirus pandemic. The AIG urged residents to be law abiding by ensuring that they adhere strictly to the orders issued by the government in order to stem the spread of the pandemic. “While we are ensuring this, we would make sure that nobody’s right is trampled upon and we will also make sure that the instructions are followed for our good and in the interest of the state,” the AIG said. Earlier, Mr Undie Adie, Commissioner of Police in Ondo State, who received the AIG, said his officers had been deployed to the major towns and borders of the state to ensure compliance with the lockdown order. Recall that the Ondo State government on Wednesday ordered a dusk to dawn curfew from 7pm to 7am in order to curtail the spread of the virus in the state. The state government, two weeks ago, ordered the closure of all the land borders with neighboring states and banned social and religious gatherings as well as those in clubs and beer parlours.