A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mr Uche Nwosu, has commended the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government on measures, so far, in managing and containing the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nigeria.  Nwosu in an interview on Friday in Abuja, said that Buhari had provided good leadership at a very trying period to the amasement of many who thought that the country would be overwhelmed by the COVID-19. “Many countries did not expect that Nigeria will stand strong against this virus giving the status of our healthcare system, but the country has been steered by astute leadership to rise up to the needs of the time,” he said. Nwosu, a former governorship aspirant in Imo state during the 2019 general elections, added that Buhari had demonstrated capacity to lead the country out of the crisis and should be supported without politicising the situation. He enjoined all Nigerians to eschew all forms of bitterness and support various efforts by the government to combat the pandemic. “This is not the time to spread fake and hate news, it is a time to show love as a people, a time to come together and stand together to defeat this virus. “With what the government is doing and all that is required of us as citizens is to queue behind our leaders and support the various policies put in place to fight this deadly virus,” he said. Nwosu, however, called on President Buhari to expand the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management by creating an office for the Minister of State to compliment the work of the current Minister of the ministry, Sadiya Farouk. He said that the advice to have the office of Minister of State became imperative to meet the growing humanitarian needs occasioned by the outbreak of the COVID-19, among others. The APC chieftain said that, though Farouk had done well, but with the support from minister of state the ministry would better accomplish its mandate as well as speed up the delivery of the Federal Government’s palliatives. “I want to commend Buhari for rising up to the occasion which no doubt, has mitigated the spread of the virus and the country. “But the Coronavirus pandemic has thrown up humanitarian issues that needed to be tackled with equal zest and commitment. “Naturally, the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs comes handy at this time and the Minister has done very well in managing the humanitarian challenges, but the Ministry will deliver better if she is assisted. “So, there is urgent and compelling need to have a Minister of state that will facilitate what the substantive Minister is doing,” he said. Nwosu also commended the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, for taking proactive measures on the Coronavirus the state. According to him, this include transforming one of the health facilities built and equipped by wife of a former governor, Mrs Nneoma Okorocha, the Wellness Centre, into an isolation and treatment centre.