Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi has advised Muslim faithful to engage in more charity and pray for Allah to heal the world of any disease, particularly the Coronavirus.  Bello gave the advice in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammed on Friday in Lokoja. He congratulated the Muslim Ummah on sighting of the moon which signified the commencement of this year’s Ramadan fast. He urged the Muslims to align themselves with the universal values of peace, kindness, love and respect for others which the Islamic faith promotes. “On behalf of the government and good people of Kogi, I wish the Muslim Ummah in the state and beyond, a blessed and peaceful Ramadan. “The holy month of Ramadan, for millions around the world, has always been an opportunity to renew and strengthen their faith through rigorous fasting, devout prayers, reading of the Quran, reflective meditation, and carrying out of charitable deeds. “All these acts are closely conformed to the universal values that the Islamic faith promotes namely, peace, kindness, love and respect for others. “Ramadan is a time when faithful fast during the day and perform Tarawih prayers at night. ”But today, as over 1 billion Muslims around the world grapple with social distancing and quarantines due to COVID-19 pandemic, we should reflect on the practicability of Islamic religion. “Personal hygiene and cleanliness, which have been highlighted globally in the battle against the coronavirus are also intrinsic part of Islam. ”Which includes “Hudu”- Islamic ritual for cleansing and purification that involves washing the hands, feet and head before each of the five daily prayers,” he said. The governor called on the Muslims to pray fervently for the wellbeing of mankind and show more love to one another. “This challenging time calls for intense prayers especially from the Muslim Ummah and to give more charity to the needy as the world battles with the Coronavirus pandemic and associated hunger. “May we find comfort and reassurance in our faith as we observe this sacred month,” he said.