President Muhammadu Buhari has joined the family of Ogundipe to mourn Phebean Ogundipe, the author of legendary English textbook, Brighter Grammar and co-author of Practical English, who died at the age of 92.  The President’s condolence message was conveyed in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Wednesday. President Buhari extended heartfelt commiserations to Ogundipe’s family, friends, the academia, former students of the educationist and all Nigerians, who drank from the fountain of knowledge of the endowed English teacher. The President believed that Ogundipe’s life was defined by her passion for education and uncommon dedication to serve others; stressing that her legacy would live on. He affirmed that as a gifted child Ogundipe had meritoriously earned a full scholarship for her secondary education. He also acknowledged Ogundipe’s exceptional career as a civil servant in the Federal Ministry of Education, an English teacher in different schools, Deputy Chief Federal Adviser on Education, and acting director in the Federal Ministry, among others. The president maintained that these had left an indelible mark in the nation’s education sector, particularly the teaching and learning of English language. President Buhari believed that Ogundipe would be fondly remembered and honoured for the various roles and responsibilities in facilitating teaching, learning, assessment, research, curriculum development, and policy in the nation’s educational system. The President prayed almighty God to grant the soul of the departed eternal rest and comfort all who mourned her. Late Ogundipe was a recipient of the National Honour of Officer of the Order of the Niger (OON) and other numerous awards for her works on education. She died on March 27 in Charlotte, North Carolina, in the United States. She was 92. Ogundipe, nee Itayemi, was born in Esa-Oke, Osun on May 6, 1927. She had her elementary education in Esa-oke and Imesi-Ile. She later went to Queen’s College, Yaba, Lagos, on a full scholarship for her secondary education.