Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari on the death of Mallam Abba Kyari.  Kyari, who was the president’s Chief of Staff, had tested positive to the ravaging coronavirus disease. He died on Friday, April 17, and was buried at Gudu Cementary on Saturday. Sanwo-Olu, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Gboyega Akosile, described the death of Kyari as shocking, painful and a monumental loss to the nation, the people and government of Maiduguri and the Kyari family. ”I received the sad news of the death of Mallam Abba Kyari, an astute public servant with a heavy heart. ”Mallam Kyari was a dedicated Nigerian, a deeply committed and patriotic citizen, who contributed remarkably to the smooth and successful running of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration,” he said. The governor said that Kyari was a conscientious, competent, cerebral and outstanding administrator, whose life traversed the fields of law, journalism, banking and politics. Sanwo-Olu said the death of Mallam Kyari was a great loss to Nigeria, happening at a time the country was desirous of more deeply patriotic individuals to contribute selflessly towards the development of the country. He urged President Buhari to take solace in the quality of life lived by Mallam Kyari and his exemplary contribution to the current administration. ”As human beings, the death of a close ally will be painful and devastating, but we must always look back at the beautiful moments one shared with the deceased as well as the legacies left behind by such individual. ”Therefore, Mr President should find comfort in the good works done by the late Kyari,” Sanwo-Olu said. He said that the country and the immediate community of the deceased would remember him for many years to come. Sanwo-Olu prayed to Almighty God to grant the soul of Abba Kyari eternal rest and comfort the families he left behind. ”Surely, the Almighty will be with them and grant them the grace to bear the irreplaceable loss,” he said.