Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has commended the Federal Government for reopening the only National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) testing centre for Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state, after some days of closure.  The governor made the commendation when he received members of the House of Representatives from Kano State on a solidarity and sympathy visit on Tuesday night. According to him, this is a good development and effort by the federal government in supporting the effort of the state government on the fight against the Coronavirus pandemic. “President Muhammadu Buhari deserved to be commended for ensuring that the test centre in Kano continue to function. “And also we commend him for sending a powerful delegation to find out the problem with the aim at finding a solution. “The state need more testing centres across. Looking at our population, the state government is providing more health workers to support the federal government effort,” Ganduje said. According to him, the more test centres are provided, the more the job will become easier, noting that another centre set-up by the Bayero University Kano (BUK) will soon commence operation. “I want to assure you that very soon, we are going to make it necessary for the use of face mask in the state,” he said. Ganduje further commended the House of Representatives and all the members from Kano state for their concern over what is happening in the state on the issue of COVID-19. Earlier, the leader of the delegation and Chief Whip of the House of Representatives, Alhaji Alhassan Ado-Doguwa, said the visit was to express their concern and sympathy with the people and government over the recent sudden and alarming deaths in the state. While commending the efforts of the state government in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic, he called on the public to also support the government. “I wish to inform you that we have written to President Muhammadu Buhari, seeking for his prompt intervention to support the state in fighting Coronavirus pandemic. “The decision was necessary because the state need serious support, not only from the Federal Governmemt, but also from all the stakeholders to fight the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. “We are also in Kano to find a way to collaborate with the state government and also the people of the state to find a lasting solution for the pandemic in the state,” he said. The leader said that the House of Representatives had a special session on Tuesday (April 28), which was dominated with a discussion on Kano situation over the issue of COVID-19 pandemic. “We came to Kano to represent the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Gbajiabiamila to commend the governor for his tireless effort in fighting COVID-19,” Ado-Doguwa said.