Bayelsa government has again relaxed its COVID-19 lockdown measures for the Easter period to enable the Christian faithful fully participate in the celebration.  Gov. Douye Diri of Bayelsa had on March 31, relaxed the closure of the state borders to vehicular traffic to allow vehicles laden with food, drugs and personnel on essential duties to come in. The review followed an appeal by the state organs of the various Christian bodies. Diri said during a meeting with members of the COVID-19 Taskforce, security agencies and leadership of the Christian and Muslim communities in Government House, Yenagoa on Wednesday. According to a statement by Diri’s Acting Chief Press Secretary, Mr Daniel Alabrah, the governor emphasised that the relaxed measure was specific to church services during the Easter celebration. He said churches with large congregation would be permitted to have 50 persons during services, while 20 worshippers would be allowed for smaller churches. He cautioned them to adhere strictly to all the preventive measures, including social distancing of at least two metres, washing of hands with soap under running water. The governor noted that after the Easter, the lockdown would revert to status quo to ensure public health and prevention of COVID-19 in the state. He said the stay-at-home order for civil servants and all other earlier measures had been extended for another two weeks, noting that they would be reviewed every two weeks until the COVID-19 crisis abates. Diri also noted that as part of efforts to mitigate the effects of COVID-19, Agip and its joint venture partners had approved Bayelsa to site its health facility in the South-South Zone towards combating viral infections. The governor said he had directed the Ministry of Lands to make land available for the project. He highlighted donations made by some corporate organisations, including United Bank for Africa N28.5 million, Niger Delta Development Commission N100 million and Sterling Bank N100 million. Also the Port Harcourt Electricity Distribution Company donated 300 bags of rice. According to Diri, the government on its part had approved another N98 million for the procurement of foodstuff as palliatives to Bayelsa people. He equally directed that traders on roadsides at the Swali Market be relocated to unoccupied lock-up shops for easy movement within the market. Taking turns to brief the committee on their challenges, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health, Dr Inodu Akpoku and his counterpart on Information, Chief Freston Akpor, enumerated efforts so far made in the fight to prevent COVID-19. Also, the Technical Adviser to the Governor on Security, Dr Boma Spero-Jack, identified the refusal of very important personalities to be screened at entry points as a major challenge to the prevention of the pandemic in the state.