Some banks in Kano Metropolis, on Thursday, witnessed long queues at their various Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) outlets by customers in preparation for the forthcoming Ramadan.  It was reported that Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State, had relaxed the lockdown order for one day to enable residents to prepare for the holy month of Ramadan. Our correspondent, who visited some banks along France Road Kano, observed that many customers were seen making withdrawals. Banks visited include Guaranty Trust Bank, Key Stone Bank, UBA, Access Bank, Polaris Bank, Fidelity Bank and First Bank of Nigeria. At UBA, a customer, Mrs Amaka Emeka, said she had been on the queue to make a withdrawal for more than one hour. “I am not surprised by the number of people at the ATM points as people engage in last minute shopping due to the lockdown order. “I am a business woman and I came to withdraw the last N20,000 in my account to enable me feed my family,’’ she said. At the Key Stone bank, Mallam Sani Alhaji, said he came to withdraw the last money in his account to enable him to buy foods items in preparation for Ramadan. “I was expecting to meet a long queue; that was why I came to the banks as early as 7.00 a.m. “I think one of the reasons for the long queue is because of the lockdown lifting for just a day,’’ Alhaji said. Another customer, Hajiya Sadiya Isa at the First bank, decried the long queue with no place to sit. Isa added that customers were not allowed to enter the banking hall. “Customers, who came to make deposits, were only allowed inside the bank. I think this is one of the reasons for the long queue. “When you see the long queue, you get discouraged, but I have to wait to get the money to enable me buy food stuffs for my family,’’ she said. Similarly, a customer at Access bank, Danladi Sani, said the current situation had created tension among many bank customers, making them engage in panic withdrawals. “When it was my turn to withdraw, the ATM rejected my card. “I had to wait for another 30 minutes to enable me make the withdrawal,’’ Sani said. Malam Musa Hadi, a Fidelity Bank customer, urged both the State and Federal Governments too, as a matter of urgency, come to the aide of the residents, especially the poor. With relief packages. “Many people are finding it difficult to survive as feeding has become a problem. “Some residents are daily income earners and are finding it difficult to cope,’’ Hadi said.