National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, has congratulated the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, on his 80th birthday, commending him for engendering peace in Ilorin Emirate since his ascension to the throne in 1995.  Tinubu’s Media Aide, Tunde Rahman, in a congratulatory message on Thursday, said Sulu-Gambari had made a good name for himself as an outstanding legal luminary and a fearless and courageous judicial officer before ascending the throne in 1995 as the 11th Emir of Ilorin Emirate. He said: “I congratulate the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, as he turns 80. A foremost traditional ruler and one of the special class of three monarchs holding the title of Shehu in Northern Nigeria. “He had made a good name for himself before ascending the throne in 1995 as the 11th Emir of Ilorin Emirate. “Sulu-Gambari is that outstanding legal luminary and fearless and courageous judicial officer who once held sway as the Presiding Justice of the Court of Appeal, Ibadan Division and later Lagos Division. “It is on record that he was first turbaned as the Ciroman Ilorin by his late father and 9th Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Zulkarnaini Muhammadu Gambari, in 1984 while in active service as the Presiding Justice of the Court of Appeal, Ibadan Division. Tinubu said indeed, he had to relinquish his position as the Presiding Justice of the Court of Appeal, Lagos Division when he was crowned Emir in 1995. Asiwaju said since his emergence, he had provided that unique leadership and direction for the Ilorin Emirate, which had helped in engendering peace, stability and development. He said that achievement had not come as a surprise to many who have keenly followed his career trajectory. Tinubu said his record speaks volume of his impeccable character, diligence and commitment to not only the cause of justice and rule of law but also to the growth and development of the country. Asiwaju said of particular note was the important role he played in the constitutional development of the country. He said Sulu-Gambari was a delegate to the most recent constitutional conference where he contributed considerably to the national discourse. According to him, he has also done remarkably well for Islam. He initiated the renovation of Ilorin Central Mosque, constructed by his late father in 1979 to become a world class edifice. Tinubu said Sulu-Gambari and him had an excellent relationship borne of mutual respect and admiration. He said at 80, God Almighty had been merciful to the Emir, for which they all join him in thanking Allah. Asiwaju said his prayer was that Allah continue to guide and protect him and give him the grace of more years and robust health, adding that peace and stability continue to reign supreme in his kingdom.