MainOne, a connectivity and data center solutions provider, has partnered Lagos State Government and Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) to help contain the spread of Coronavirus (COVID -19).  Funmike Olayera, Sales Manager Public Sector, MainOne, said the company was enabling the COVID-19 command center and isolation facilities with high speed connectivity infrastructure. Olayera said it was to facilitate effective monitoring, communication and response, as its contribution to Lagos state’s efforts to fight the pandemic. She said the initiative, which was part of MainOne’s Coporate Social Responsibility (CSR) solution would ensure that the state government, health officials and doctors on the frontline battling the pandemic, were well connected to one another and to the rest of the world. According to her, this is being achieved via the provision of high-speed internet access as well as managed Wi-fi services to the five isolation and command centers spread across Lagos; Yaba, Ikeja, Gbagada, Lagos Island and Ikoyi. Olayera said the command center played a critical role in enabling the government to monitor the spread of the disease, using algorithms, data analytics and surveys to localise the spread. She said it was also to update stakeholders on the current COVID-19 situation in Nigeria. ”The enhanced connectivity will provide a platform for exchanging up-to-date scientific findings and knowledge on the disease with colleagues around the world, positioning Nigeria as partners in the global fight against the pandemic. “We understand that our healthcare centers are our first line of defence. ”We appreciate the work the health care workers, the state government and the NCDC are putting in place to ensure we contain the spread of the virus in Nigeria. ”As a communications company, we understand how critical technology is to solving the world’s challenges and we are happy to partner with the state government to keep Nigerians safe,” she said in a statement. According to her, for these reasons, “we will continue to do our part in supporting government’s effort to stop the spread of the virus and to ensure infected Nigerians are properly cared for.”