The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) says it has deployed 100 personnel to control traffic on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway following resumption of diversion to continue reconstruction.  Mr Samuel Obayemi, the FRSC’s Zonal Commanding Officer, Zone RS2, comprising Lagos and Ogun, told our correspondent in Lagos on Sunday. He, however, advised motorists and commuters using the ever busy highway not to panic. Obayemi, who urged motorists to be patient and obey traffic rules and officers, said that no one would sleep on the road. “We are proudly prepared for the diversion in the zone. On a daily basis, we shall be deploying not less than 100 staff to manage the traffic and ensure that no one sleeps on the road. “We will make sure that at any point where there is diversion, our men are on ground to control traffic. “We will make sure that people don’t run into the barriers that are put there. No one should be afraid at all. “Rather, all motorists should resolve to obey the traffic officers and in good time, everyone will get to his or her destinations. “We are fully prepared and it is something that we are used to,” Obayemi, an Assistant Corps Marshal, said. He said that the corps would deployed officers from Ojodu, Ibafo, Mowe, and Sagamu commands to address all the fears of motorists. According to him, the zone does not have any problem managing the situation but the readiness of motorists to support traffic managers. Obayemi added that the only problem the corps had was the impatience of most motorists and lack of willingness to obey traffic managers. He urged motorists to ensure that their vehicles were roadworthy to mitigate the danger of gridlock that always occur anytime there was a breakdown of vehicles. Obayemi appealed to motorists, especially those driving articulated vehicles, to put their vehicles in good order to prevent any chaotic situation that might result from breakdowns. It was reported that the Federal Controller of Works in Lagos State, Mr Adedamola Kuti, said construction work had resumed on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, adding that traffic diversion for work on the Kara bridge section outbound Lagos would begin on Monday.