A Nasarawa lawmaker, Alhaji Mohammad Muluku, has urged the people of his constituency to rally support for the Gov. Abdullahi Sule administration’ s policies and programmes aimed at improving their living conditions.  Muluku, an APC lawmaker representing Nasarawa Eggon East constituency in the state House of Assembly, said the support had become necessary to enable them enjoy more dividends of democracy from the governor. The legislator, who is the Chief Whip of the Assembly, made the call on Wednesday in Nassarawa Eggon, while playing host to traditional rulers and stakeholders from his constituency. He emphasised the need for every leader to get the support of his people in order to succeed, saying it was imperative for the Eggons and other citizens of the state to support the governor for greater success. The lawmaker, who is the Chairman, House Committee on SDGs, Budget and Planning, also called on the Eggon people to unite and embrace their neighbours in the interest of their socio-economic development. “I want to appreciate you for the visit and to assure you of my continued readiness to represent you well at the state legislature. “I also want to call on all of us to unite and to support the ruling party, APC and Gov. Sule in order to enjoy more dividends of democracy. “The governor, by the special grace of God, will bring infrastructural development to Nassarawa Eggon local government. “There is the need for us to give him that maximum support and to continue to pray for him to succeed,” he said. Muluku also assured of quality and sound representation at the state legislature in order to attract development to his constituency and the state at large. The lawmaker assured of his determination to ensure the creation of Anzoh chiefdom in his constituency. Earlier, Alhaji Umar Yaka, the District Head of Alogani in the constituency, said that the visit was to reassure the lawmaker of their support and commitment to his success. He appealed for the creation of Anzoh Chiefdom in Nassarawa Eggon Local Government area. The district head lauded Muluku for his efforts towards the creation of and take-off of Eggon Error chiefdom in his constituency.