The Buhari Media Organisation (BMO) has urged the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to apologise to the Supreme Court over its protests on the courts’ ruling on the Imo governorship election.  BMO Chairman, Mr Niyi Akinsiju, in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday, described PDP’s reaction to the court judgment as unwarranted. Akinsiju added that allegations against the jurists in the course of the protests against the Supreme Court’s declaration of Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the duly elected governor of the state were puerile and childish. He said the protest was an insult to the Nigeria’s judiciary and showed the contempt PDP had for the nation’s institutions. “Holding a protest to denounce the verdict of the Supreme Court, and further making unfounded allegations of wrongdoing against the Justices of the country’s apex court, is offensive to the country, and democratic principles which the country operates. “The protests and comments made by the PDP were also out rightly reprehensible. “For persons who had been privileged to enjoy the management of the nation’s affairs for 16 years – albeit in the worst manner – and its democratic institutions, the least expected from them is respect for these institutions. “More surprising is that the so-called opposition figures demanded that the Supreme Court reverse itself, aside from demanding for the resignation of Chief Justice Tanko Muhammed,” he said. The BMO chairman noted that PDP leaders acted like entitled spoilt brats who did not know how to react to losing. “PDP is led by cry-babies, spoilt with unpunished bad behaviour, hence their irresponsible and ridiculous protest against the Supreme Court. “Whenever the party is awarded a victory by this same Supreme Court, PDP praises the Judiciary but whenever the same court delivers a judgment that does not favour the opposition, these people wail like spoilt brats. “Only a few months ago, the same Supreme Court ruled against the All Progressives Congress (APC) and favoured PDP on Zamfara and Rivers,” Akinsiju said. He said the apex court was lauded and hailed by the PDP on the verdicts in the two states. “Similarly, in the judgments of the court in the most recent election petition matters, the Supreme Court decided in favour of PDP in Bauchi, Sokoto, Adamawa and Benue States. “To PDP, this is justice because it favoured them. That is the height of irresponsibility. “To these spoilt brats, whenever the Supreme Court does not go its way, the court has no integrity, but when it does, it is indeed a court of justice. They lack shame. “The PDP is simply afraid of the verdict the court would give in the coming days of judgments that are less likely going to favour it,” he said. The BMO chairman expressed hope that PDP leaders would act like responsible politicians and stop over-reacting when court rulings do not go their party’s way.