An Ilorin based nutritionist, Mrs Fisayo Abifarin, on Thursday identified inadequate information on balance diet as responsible for malnutrition prevalence in the society, especially children.  Abifarin, the Chairperson of a private catering services, also attributed malnutrition to poverty in a telephone interview with our reporter in Omu-Aran, Irepodun Local Government Area of Kwara. According to her, aside the lack of adequate information to promote balanced diet, poor economy and communal crises were also factors responsible for malnutrition among Nigerians. Abifarin said the role of balanced diet in aiding body organs and tissues with proper nutrition to function effectively was integral. “Without good nutrition, your body is more prone to diseases, infections, fatigue and poor organ performance. “Balanced diet provides the body with all the essential nutrients, vitamins and minerals required to maintain cells, tissues and organs to function correctly. “Diet that is lacking in nutrients can lead to health problems ranging from tiredness and lack of energy to serious problems with the functions of vital organs and lack of growth and development. “Eating a healthy, balanced diet is an important part of maintaining good health, and can help you feel your best with adequate information and following the right proportion,” she said. The nutrition specialist advised the public to eat lots of vegetables and shun junk foods to stay healthy. “A glass of 100 per cent unsweetened fruit juice can count as one portion, and vegetable cooked into dishes also count. “Eating fish is a good source of protein and contains many minerals and vitamins. “You can choose from fresh, frozen and canned, but remember that canned and smoked fish can be high in salt. “Oily fish include salmon, mackerel, trout, herring, fresh tuna, sardines and pilchards, while non-oily fish include haddock, plaice, coley, cod, tinned tuna, skate and hake,” Abifarin explained. She advised the public against eating too much saturated fat and sugar, saying such can increase the amount of cholesterol in the blood. “This can increase the risk of developing heart related diseases,” she warned.