Prof. Olarenwaju Fagbohun, Vice-Chancellor, Lagos State University, Ojo, has urged members of staff, union leaders and students to continue to ensure the sustainability of the institution.  Fagbohun made the plea on Thursday in Lagos at the maiden Ibile Day Celebration organised by the Ibile Forum in LASU. It was reported that theme of the celebration was: “Lagos For Lagos: Past, Present and Future (LASU: An Inevitable Nexus Between Lagos and Its Development)”. It was reported that traditional rulers from Ojo Kingdom, Epe, Ikorodu, Badagry and Aworiland were present at the programme. The vice-chancellor said that LASU management and various unions within the institution must remain responsible and make the university to be sustainable. “Always use your energy for healthy competition and protect the peace we are enjoying in LASU, because we still need everybody on board. “We need to be discipline and should not fight ourselves because it takes time to build an institution. but can bring down any institution in a day. “The peace and progress we are experiencing in LASU today makes international experts from United States of America and Romania to want to come and train our students in robotics programme for free,” Fagbohun said. He said that there was no conflict between the indigenes and non-indigenes in LASU community. “Today’s celebration is so important, because it is an initiative of all five divisions of Lagos State and ensure they are giving a pride of place. “In less than one year, I will be leaving LASU; am glad to say, I am a fulfilled man, because we are all working together, not as competitors,” Fagbohun said. Also, Dr Shamsudeen Ade-Dosunmu, who spoke as Chairman of the occasion, said that the platform, Ibile Forum, should not be an opportunity to promote mediocrity in LASU. Ade-Dosunmu, also President of Eko Club, said that the idea should be an opportunity to promote the institution. “LASU is a centre of excellence which means everyone must strive to be best in the country. “Lagosians must ensure to take their rightful place in issues that concerns the state because nobody will come from outside to promote us. “The last time I came to LASU was 25 years ago. I see that the environment and orientation had changed, there is a new culture of excellence. “We thank God for the giant strides and solid foundation that we have recorded through Prof. Olanrewaju Fagbohun, LASU VC. “LASU community should continue to support the VC till the end of his tenure, and we plan to also support and get involve in who succeeds him,” he said. In his remarks, Dr Habeeb Sanni, Chairman of Ibile Forum in LASU, said that the forum do not intend to engage in any struggle with non-indigenes in LASU, but rather “we are all partners in its development”. According to Sanni, we shall try to ensure that the rights of our people as enshrined in the university statutory laws are not trampled upon.