The Director General, National Information and Technology Developmental Agency (NITDA), Mr Kashifu Inuwa says data is the new gold and Nigeria needs to be compliant with the global data regulation.  Inuwa made this assertion on Thursday in Lagos at the workshop organised for Data Protection officers (DPO) to create awareness on data regulation. The director general, who was represented by Mrs Chioma Okee-Aguguo, Head, South-West Zone, NITDA, while explaining the reason for the workshop, said that data regulation would help to improve businesses. According to him, at the end of the workshop people will be better educated on how to protect their data through the awareness NITDA will create at the workshop. The DG, speaking on the compliance of the organisation on the data protection policy, said that it was positive and an ongoing exercise. “The compliance is an ongoing process to make organisations to be compliant, and we are commending them because it is a long journey. “We have had a lot of take homes and feedback from the workshop we will then go back, work on it then get back to the organisations, he said. Speaking on the roles and rules of DPOs, Mr Olufemi Daniel, Desk officer, National Data Protection Regulation (NDPR), said that the responsibilities of the DPO was to make board and management buy into data protection implementation. He said they also need to advise the CEO on practices that could breach, interpret the roles of different unit in the light of data protection among others. Daniel noted that if they comply with the Data Protection regulation it would attract reputable investors, brand image enhancement as well as increase earning power. He added that the future of digital companies belonged to data scientists, analysts and executives so they should priotise their work by diligence, determination and dreams. Some Data Protection Control Officers (DPCO) at the workshop while commending NITDA’s effort on regulating data, called for more training and workshops for DPCO as well as collaboration. Mr Adekunle Adedaramola, DPO Promasidor, stressed the need for NITDA to continue to educate people on the type of information to be giving out while filling forms. He said that one should turn down request not relevant to once transaction. Also, Dr Yaya Itah, DPO, First Bank, urged NITDA to do more in creating awareness for the Data Protection Day, Jan. 28. It was reported that NITDA had issued the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation 2019 (NDPR) on 25th of January 2019.