All Saints University School of Medicine Dominica is located in Commonwealth of Dominica, a small island across the Caribbean. Zacheaus Somorin engages the institution’s Admission Officer and African Representative, Ms Kemi Amusan, on the prospects of attending the citadel of learning Succinct Introduction I’m Ms. Kemi Amusan. I am also the President of the Nigerian Canadian Association in Greater Toronto Area, in Ontario, Canada which in other words, is the African representative of All Saints University School of Medicine, DOMINICA.. I am the admission officer. The university offers two courses-Medicine and Nursing. Nigerian students’ performance in Canada It’s neither here nor there depending on what you are looking for. Some undergraduate students from Nigeria are able to get jobs right away. In the same vein, some professionals like doctors, nurses etc must be licensed in Canada to be able to practise. They fall under the category of International Medical Graduates (IMGs) and they have to be licensed by the Medical Council of Canada (MCC), or the United States Medical Licensing Exams (USMLE) should they intend to practise in the United States of America later on. Attending the University – the benefits One, All Saints University, School of Medicine, DOMINICA is accredited. Second, it is fast paced. It only takes four years for a student who already has a B.Sc degree in a science-related course and less than five years for a high school graduate due to intensive nature of the courses. There is also the advantage of doing a part of the training in the United States of America. It is called Clinical Rotation. The tuition is also affordable. Besides, Nigerians students are exposed to multicultural environment that makes them blend in right away. The campus facilities We are endowed with the state-of-the-art equipment comparable to what obtains in Canadian and US medical schools. We also have simulation technologies. The University affiliates. We are affiliated to the World Directory of Medical Schools; World Health Organisation (WHO); Association of Commonwealth Universities; Medical Council of Canada and Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates(ECFMG). The global relevance All Saints University, School of Medicine in DOMINICA is accredited by the ACCM (Accreditation Commission on Colleges of Medicine) Ireland. The university is also recognised by the Medical Council for Colleges of Medicine of Canada, General Medical Council (GMC) of the United Kingdom, Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria (MDCN), as well as the government of Dominica. What you need to do as an applicant. All that a prospective student needs to do is to get in touch to me on my personal email. With candidate’s submission of requirement, I can get such candidate admission within 24 hours. Besides, also in my personal capacity, I also offer counsel to student desirous of securing scholarships in the university. The visas We process their visas fully. They have nothing to worry about. Diaspora enrolment Most of our students are actually international students. We have provision for students coming from Canada and the United States especially. All Saints University is recognised by the various governments prompting ability for students to get students loan to pay their fees and living expenses. The loan and infrastructure Yes. Nigerian Students from Canada are able to get Canada Student loans from government of Canada such as the Ontario Student Assiostant Programe (OSAP). Students from USA also get students loans to study in our university. Also, we have sponsorships from Niger Delta Commission and some state governments in Nigeria. The potential opportunities Dominica is a small close-knitted Island. This enables students to concentrate on their studies without distractions. As you know, Medicine and Nursing are intensive courses that need concentrations on the parts of the students. Many parents are happy at the serene, peaceful, home-like environment that enables students finish their courses on time. Available incentives. The government is continuously encouraging international students to come to the country as a means of showcasing their beautiful Island and beautiful people to the world. There is emphasis on security. This makes the parents relaxed knowing full well their wards are in good hands. The Accreditation Commission on Colleges of Medicine (ACCM), Ireland has accredited Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree programs of All Saints University School of Medicine, Dominica. This was effective since May 2019. Interestingly, All Saints University, Dominica represents the medical school with the most affordable tuition for accredited MD degree programs in the Caribbean. Acquisition of American University of St Vincent It is because American University of St Vincent was declining and having a bad review. It was almost closed down. We acquired it over a few months ago. We are going through the accreditation process as we speak. However, being under the same management with All Saints University St Dominica, we are able to prepare students for international certification as needed under same management. The provision of accommodation Accommodation is guaranteed as practised worldwide. International students are responsible for their own accommodation. However, the institution offers a high degree of support in referral of students to appropriate buildings on the island. As you may be aware, it is a small island which makes it easy for students to concentrate on their studies as distractions are minimal. Can your graduates get jobs right away in Canada and U.S. Any doctor that wants to practice in any country must be licensed there. Therefore, such doctors must be licensed in Canada and U.S.A. to be able to practise there. They fall under the category of International Medical Graduates (IMGs) and they have to be licensed by the Medical Council of Canada (MCC), or the United States Medical Licensing Exams (USMLE). We are proud to say that we prepare our students for these exams which they pass easily. Many of our students actually do their clinical rotations in the U.S.A. They end up being employed afterwards. Our graduates practice in many countries as we speak. How can applicants connect with you for support? My whatsApp and direct mobile line is 1.437.247.8806. Email address is: assistantregistrar3@allsaintsuniversity.org