Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State says women are incredibly endowed with potential that can be harnessed for any societal growth and development.  Sanwo-Olu made said this at the launch of the HeForShe Campaign in Lagos, on Tuesday. Our correspondent reports that the HeForShe campaign is a United Nations global initiative to engage men and boys as advocates and agents of change in the effort to achieve gender equality. The campaign emphasises the importance of outreach to strategic groups, men, young people, the media, the private sector and other influential stakeholders. Its central message is that gender inequality is not a women’s issue, but a human rights issue meant to benefit both women and men socially, politically and economically. Sanwo-Olu, who decried the seeming societal bias against women, said an equal ratio of male to female has never been found in any population of the world, especially in Nigeria. “Why would we want to disenfranchise a better half of the population which happens to be women? “It’s a simple analysis for men to understand and realize that it’s when we work with both hands that we can do better. “It shouldn’t be difficult for us to embrace the other half to ensure that we do well at all levels,” he said. He added that at all levels of participation, it must be ensured that women were not behind men, but beside them. Sanwo-Olu said that when men and women had equal strength, a lot of problems would be solved. “In Lagos State we are committed to reflecting and appreciating the other half of us and that is why we have a higher percentage of female permanent secretaries. “Women do not need to fight for equality but men should be the ones supporting and fighting for them. “The Heforshe campaign was founded with a simple premise that you can’t solve societal problems with only half of the population. “Therefore, this campaign is a clarion call on the male gender to sign up to this initiative because it is an idea that the society as a whole would benefit from,” he said. Sanwo-Olu, who was made a Global Champion for Gender Equality at the launch, said it was necessary to accord women their right of place in the scheme of affairs. “When you empower a woman, you empower a nation. “Let us create more spaces for women and eschew all forms of violence against them. “Women have demonstrated great capacity and capabilities in many fields and for this, they need more spaces to operate in. “As the Chief Gender Champion for this campaign, I call on other champions to support women in order to make the world a better place,” he said. It was reported that other champions who were recognized at the launch included the Deputy Governor of Lagos state, Obafemi Hamzat, the Managing Director of Polaris bank, Tokunbo Abiru, Oba Saheed Elegushi of Ikate, music icon, Patoranking, among others.