Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti has sworn in three new Permanent Secretaries, urging them to be “champions of the restoration agenda” of his administration.  Our correspondent reports that the permanent secretaries were Wednesday sworn in on behalf of the governor by his deputy, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi, at the Conference Hall of the Governor’s Office in Ado-Ekiti. The permanent secretaries are Mr Adeleke Afefolaju from Igede-Ekiti, Mr Benjamin Adeniyi from Iworoko Ekiti and Mr Ayodele Adeyanju from Ijesa-Isu Ekiti. Fayemi said at the occasion that his administration was on the right path toward making a difference in the lives of the people and urged the new appointees to drive the agenda as it relates to their Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs). He also said that the appointment of the permanent secretaries was strictly based on merit and best practices. Fayemi stated that the inauguration of the new appointees was another fulfillment of his promise to continually revitalise and reinforce the state’s public service with competent hands. “I congratulate the newly appointed permanent secretaries, and welcome you on board. ”The position you attain is very important and sensitive in the running of this administration, therefore, a lot is expected of you. ”You are expected to be the champions of our restoration agenda. Your appointment is not by happenstance but by deliberate and calculated efforts aimed at repositioning the civil service for effective and efficient delivery of good services as well as enhancement of good governance which is one of the pillars of this administration. “I urge you to live up to the dictates of your new status as this appointment was based on your outstanding career trajectories which were found to be in line with the skills and competences required to drive the agenda of this government. “I also assure all of you that you have no reason to be sycophantic as long as you do your work well to enhance the performance of the government and to make life more meaningful for Ekiti Kete. “I therefore charge you to see your appointment as a call to serve, a call to etch your name on the sands of time in Ekiti State and a call to be part of positive history. I implore you to do your best to justify the confidence reposed in you, ” he said. Responding on behalf of the new permanent secretaries, Mr. Adeleke Adefolaju, commended the governor for finding them worthy of their new status. He promised that they would not let the people of the state down in the discharge of their duties.