Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti on Wednesday inaugurated Mr Obafemi Fasanmi as a judge of the State High Court.  Speaking at the event in Ado-Ekiti, Fayemi reiterated the commitment of his administration to judicial reforms and promoting the rule of law in the state. He said his vision of independence for the judiciary remained sacrosanct, adding that the three arms of government were crucial to the effectiveness of the rule of law. Fayemi said that the good governance agenda of his administration had the rule of law, respect for fundamental human rights and unhindered access to justice embedded in it. “In the area of law reform, we have also enacted laws in response to our people’s desire for speed and efficiency in the justice system. “The Administration of Civil Justice Law 2019 is a novel law that will achieve these twin goals in the delivery of civil justice “Aside from law and justice, this legislation has enabled us to show our local and international investors that Ekiti State is truly open for business. “It is our expectation that Year 2020 will witness the implementation of this law. “Another law that is crucial to our economic growth is the Ekiti State Property Protection(Anti Land Grabbing) Law 2019. “We enacted this law in response to increasing concerns of unwholesome practices in the sale of landed properties in the state, specifically as it relates to land. “We simply must respond to the emerging culture of criminality in the sale of land “We also enacted law to back our policy on zero tolerance for all forms of violence against women, with a comprehensive prohibition of Gender-Based Violence. “We will be monitoring the effectiveness of all these legislations this year,” he said. The governor, who further advocated for the representation of Ekiti in superior courts, said the state has eminently qualified persons on the bench and at the bar to represent it in the Court of Appeal and Supreme Court. Describing the appointment of the new judge as thorough and competitive, Fayemi, charged Fasanmi to share the vision of his administration in providing a fair and equal access to justice regardless of gender, ethnic origin, economic status and other social attributes. He urged the judge to adhere strictly to the tenets of integrity and impartiality in order to strengthen justice delivery in the state. Fayemi also commended Justice Cornelius Akintayo, who would be retiring from the bench in a few weeks, for his contribution to the development of the justice sector in the state. Earlier the Chief Judge of the state, Justice Ayodeji Daramola, had welcomed the new judge to the bench with a call on him to see his service to humanity as service to God. Also speaking, the Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General in the state, Mr Wale Fapohunda, said the selection of the judge was extensively deliberated on by the State Judicial Service Commission and the Federal Judicial Service Commission.