Some Passport Seekers who applied for International Enhanced Passports at Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Ikoyi Passport Office in Lagos-state on Thursday confirmed receiving better attention and faster service delivery upon application.  They gave the commendations in separate interviews with our reporter in Lagos with excitement that obtaining the travel document fell within 72 hours of request. NAN reports that the Comptroller-General of Nigerian Immigration Service (CGIS), Mohammad Babandede, had deployed Deputy Controller of Immigration (DCI), Mr Abdukadri Garo, to oversee the affairs of the Ikoyi Passport office in September. Until his deployment, Garo was the Special Adviser to the CGIS on transport and was deployed to lead Ikoyi Passport Office because of his performance and achievement while serving as SA to the CGIS A gospel preacher, Mr Kayode Raphael of Mountain of Fire Ministries, Lagos state, said that he was able to obtain his passport within 72 hours. “Right from the entrance of Ikoyi Passport Office, I experienced sanity. “No one could access the office without strict adherence to COVID- 19 safety protocols, like the wearing of nose mask and temperature check among others. “With this, I feel secured and safe,” he said. Rapheal gave kudos to the officers at the SERVICOM office of NIS for ensuring the orderliness and directing the processes accordingly. “If you want to do it yourself and pay the official fee, simply ask for the SERVICOM office at the passport office. “The SERVICOM officers are like customer service, they will guide you on how to collect your documents and create a file for you,” he said. Mr Femi Adegbile, a Chartered Accountant and the Managing Director, Adegbile Accounting Firm, Lagos, expressed gladness that the NIS under the Babandede dispensation had recorded improvement in all ramifications. “I also want to commend the new Ikoyi Passport office PCO, Garo, for effective monitoring of all units in the office. “Actually the only issue in Ikoyi Passport Office is with National Identity Management Commission (NIMC). “Sometimes, the NIMC is inconsistent with certain procedures that may impact on other processes.” “Where there is no issue from NIMC, anyone can obtain in 72 hours,” he said. Adegbile said according to the Henley Passport Index ranking released for the year 2020, Nigeria has a dramatic rise from being at the 95th position to the 5th position, knocking out Spain Denmark and tying with Luxembourg. An Octogenarian, Mr Tony Nworah, a Nigeria Railway Service retiree, commended the office for strict adherence to COVID- 19 safety protocols. According to Nworah some developed countries are already going through another phase of COVID- 19 pandemic and have been locked down. “It is good this Passport office is not leaving chance for the pandemic to creep in, knowing the constant interface with foreigners,” he said. Nworah also pointed out that the activities of touts had drastically reduced and advised the new leadership of the office to sustain the tempo. The Octogenarian, however, advised Lagos Passport offices headship, Comptroller Sunday Fagbamigbe, to ensure the events at the passport offices were continuously monitored to maintain the Service’s good name.