Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu has inaugurated the Abia Safety Alert System (ABSAS) Command and Control Center as part of the state government’s efforts to ensure stable security in the state.  In a speech at the event in Umuahia on Tuesday, Ikpeazu said he was happy the initiative was coming after the commencement of the state government’s Crime Prevention and Management Systems (CPAMS) programme. He said that the initiatives underscored the importance the state government attached to security. He said that the programme was structured for the people to support government’s efforts in tackling crime by providing vital information about criminal activities in their neighbourhood to the government. The governor said that allowing citizens’ participation in the initiative would further boost Federal Government’s community policing initiative. He said that the state government was desirous to boost direct foreign investment and increase job opportunities through improved business development. He described the impact of security on business development as enormous. He said that stable security would help to create the enabling environment for business development that would lead to more jobs and economic advancement. Earlier, the Commissioner for Homeland Security, Chief Dan Okoli, described the center as a product of the state government’s innovation in security. Okoli said that government was focused on making Abia a leading state in the deployment of technology in tackling crime. He said: “ABSAS provides the people of Abia a quick, secured and easy channel for reporting incidents and social vices, such as cultism, criminal flash points, stolen vehicles, missing persons, fire and accidents, amongst others. “You may not need to go to police station to report a matter. You can now report cases through the ABSAS mobile app and receive adequate attention.” The commissioner said that ABSAS mobile app had provision for an electronic directory feature for all businesses in Abia. He said the essence was to give impetus to Abia government’s vision and commitment in promoting “Made-in-Aba” products. According to him, the app is equipped with an interface for verified security officers, government appointees, local government chairmen, divisional police officers, hospital officials and other authorised representatives to monitor reports in their locality. He said that plans were underway to conduct public enlightenment campaigns about the uses and benefits of the ABSAS mobile app.