Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Tuesday assured the public of adequate security in Ologbo community to safeguard the new 200-cubic litre Integrated Gas Handling Facility (IGHF) plant at Ologbo in Edo.  Obaseki gave the assurance during the inauguration of the National Petroleum Development Company (NPDC)/IGHF plant by President Muhammadu Buhari in Ologbo community. He said that the state government would work with the security agencies in the state to ensure that there was peace in the community. “We will continue to work for peace in Edo because we are peaceful people, we will work with all stakeholders to ensure peace because without peace there will be no development “We will work with NPDC to make Ologbo and Edo a gas hub in Nigeria,” he said. According to him, this plant will attract local and international investors to invest in Ologbo which will boost economic activities in the community. “Today we are making history again by commencing the demostic gas revolution in Edo. “Over the decade, we have explored for gas in Nigeria and the practice has been to pipe other gas towards the waterfront and export the gas abroad but that has changed in 2020. “With NNPC now exploring for gas in Nigeria’s largest onshore gas belt, we are proud that the Oredo field in Edo account for some of the largest onshore of gas reserves in this country. “For us in Edo we are blessed apart from agricultural resources, we are blessed with energy particularly gas, to drive the economy and we would be taking full advantages of this natural endowment,” he added. The governor, however, appealed to the management of NNPC to review its Gas Sales Agreement (GSA) signed several years ago such that the price of gas offering its customers reflect the current reality in the market In his remarks, the Group Managing Director of NNPC Mele Kyari, commended the people of Ologbo for their peaceful disposition which he said made the siting of the project possible in the community. Kyari said: “This project has created value following the peace enjoyed in Ologbo. We know we have a governor that will sustain the peace in the state. “This project will bring development to Ologbo people, the state and the nation at large. “The peace is required for customers to come take LPG here so that the value created will yeild development to the people of Ologbo”. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources Timipre Sylva said a lot of progress had been made in the area of gas in 2020, adding that the the federal government had provided the needed support to improve gas exploration in Nigeria. “Few weeks ago, President Muhammadu Buhari rolled out auto gas programme which talked about gas penetration. “We are focusing on gas supply to enable the nation achieve its plan on gas. “2021 will be a better year for the nation. It will begin the decade of gas in Nigeria and alot of achievement for the nation. “This gas revolution has started from Oredo and will spread to other parts of the country and the world will hear of Nigeria as gas destination,” the minister said.