No fewer than 1,185 fresh students were on Friday admitted into various courses at Caleb University, Imota, Lagos State, for the 2020/2021 academic session.  It was reported that the Vice-Chancellor of the institution, Prof. Nosa Owens–Ibie administered the oath on the new students at the 13th Matriculation of the university. Owens-Ibie explained that the university matriculated 1,185 undergraduate students and 151 more at the postgraduate studies. According to him, the figure represented a progression and an indication of rising confidence by stakeholders in the Caleb University dream, compared with last session when less than 1000 students were admitted at the undergraduate level. “I am certain that some of those at the event made up their minds to become students here, those of you in this matriculation set also made that choice. “I can assure that the journey you are formally starting with this day ceremony will shape you and in future you can be sure to thank God you are here today. “As a university founded and operated on Christian principles, our day and night are spent in the pursuit of academic excellence and Godly character molding. “We are not there yet, by the grace of God, we look forward to a more rapid increase in enrollment,’’ he said. He told the fresh students that the matriculation signalled the formal commencement of their academic journey and charged them to strictly adhere to the university’s high moral and academic standards. The VC said that Caleb University had a magnificent pull for students who were passionate about their future and must be committed to the core values of the institution, which are grounded in its identity as a Christian faith-based institution. Owens-Ibie, however, enjoined the parents to also synergise and partner with the institution as part of the enterprises to mould the children to be what they intended them to become. He said the institution was also looking forward to cutting edge programmes that would add values to human, resonate core values that would help develop Nigeria and make the institution compete globally. The VC said that its vision and mission was to establish a template that would run onitis own, adding that “the system rely on people but doesn’t depend on people. “As we continue to strive for excellence and to know more of God as individuals and as an institution, I encourage you not to abuse the privileges God has given you or waste the resource invested in you,’’ he said.