SuperSport presents the public view of the Real Madrid vs FC Barcelona match, next Sunday, March 1 at Landmark Beach The event is part of the internationalization strategy of LaLiga. One of the most important games in the world is played: the Spanish ElClásico, in which Real Madrid and FC Barcelona face each other. Within the framework of this event, LaLiga and SuperSport organizes a viewing of the ElClásico game in Lagos, in which their fans will be able to watch the match live in a unique way, through a free entry event open to the public. LaLiga and SuperSport presents the public view of ElClásico in Landmark Beach with different entertainment activities for all ages, pre-show ceremony and DJ. In addition to being able to see on a giant screen players like Messi or Griezmann face Sergio Ramos or Benzema, attendees can enjoy different interactive activities, food and drinks during the event. Also, a space has been established in which attendees can take pictures with all the official shirts of the Spanish competition. LaLiga Legend and former Real Madrid and FC Barcelona player Samuel Eto’o will participate in the event. LaLiga Ambasador Eto’o will actively interact with the public and tell their experiences in a match as important as ElClásico. “This view for ElClásico fans is part of LaLiga’s internationalization strategy to be closer and closer to its fans. From the Nigeria Office of LaLiga we want to continue developing actions and activations to help our competition and its clubs to grow in this market,” said Guillermo Pérez, Delegate of LaLiga in Nigeria. Landmark Beach will open its doors at 6:00 p.m. and will have a space with capacity for 1200 people. “El Clasico is one of those special events that we look forward to every time; we’re delighted to tap into the energy and excitement of our subscribers on DStv & GOtv that enjoy the game Live & in HD. La Liga is one of our sports offerings we are very proud of at MultiChoice, and we look forward to connecting with fans at this event.” said Martin Mabutho, Chief Customer Officer MultiChoice Nigeria.