Buhari Media Organisation (BMO) says the conviction of former National Publicity Secretary of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr Olisa Metuh, has affirmed President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration fight against corruption.  In a statement signed by its Chairman, Niyi Akinsiju in Abuja on Tuesday, BMO said that Metuh’s conviction had demonstrated that the anti-corruption war of the Buhari administration was on course. Our correspondent reports that Justice Okon Abang of Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday sentenced Metuh to seven years imprisonment on seven count charges of corruption. Delivering judgment on the money laundering case against Metuh, Abang ordered him to refund N366 million to Federal Government. “The conviction of former PDP National Publicity Secretary, Olisa Metuh for receiving about N400million from the Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA), is another proof that the anti-corruption war of the Buhari administration is on course. “This latest conviction should sound a note of warning to public office holders to be mindful of the sacred trust they owe the people when they occupy public office and always utilise public funds according to the laws of the land. “BMO believes that the conviction of Metuh will serve as a lesson to other people who may wish to tamper with public funds in future,” he said. According to Akinsiju, with the delivery of a guilty verdict on Metuh, the Nigerian judiciary has demonstrated its impartiality and that any person who violates the law, no matter how highly placed will have his or her day in court. “We believe that occupying government office is a rare opportunity to serve the people and not to take advantage of the system. “We advise that those politicians who want to use public office to enrich themselves should have a rethink as there is a new Sheriff in town. “Definitely, the Buhari administration is resolute in curbing corruption in our public life and the least that is expected of Nigerians, especially politicians is to lend their support,” he said. According to the BMO chairman, all the monies recovered from looters will be channeled into developing the country’s dilapidated infrastructure. “While we do not gloat over the fate that has befallen Metuh and his co-travelers, yet it must be noted that due process was followed in his conviction and any country worth its salt must always adhere to the rule of law,” he said.