The Federal Government on Wednesday reiterated its commitment to promoting and protecting human rights in the country devoid of discrimination in line with international best practice.  According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Minister, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama stated this at the high-level segment of the 43rd session of Human Rights Council in Geneva, Switzerland. It further quoted Onyeama as saying that Nigeria remained committed to upholding human rights in furtherance of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. “Nigeria reaffirms its commitment to the work of the Human Rights Council, as it vigorously pursues implementation of its core mandate of promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms worldwide. “The fight against terrorism remains a priority for government, to ensure respect for human rights and professionalism. “President Muhammadu Buhari has committed to the retraining and human rights awareness of the Nigerian military in engaging the growing exigencies of security in the country. “The President underscored that professionalism and culture of respect for human rights among armed forces and other security agencies are essential policy thrusts of his administration in the fight against terrorism,” the minister said. He identified the Boko Haram insurgency and kidnapping to be among other forms of criminality that had bedevilled the country’s development. The minister also said that in order to promote human rights, Human Rights Desks were set up at the headquarters and formations of the Armed Forces. He added that it was for the same reason that the Department of Civil-Military Relations was inaugurated in military formations. The minister noted that the National Action Plan for Preventing and Countering Violent Extremism had been focused on building institutions and reintegration of repentant insurgents into the society. “Recent reforms in the judicial sector have also strengthened the Rule of Law, Access to Justice and Human Rights, and the right to be protected. “It enhanced community resilience, sustained livelihoods, strengthened peace-to-prosperity efforts, promoted Community Violence Reduction (CVR) and integrated strategic communication to curtail and counter violent extremism. “The North-East Development Commission (NEDC) has been empowered through budgetary allocations and relevant institutional structures. “Moreover, our policy to ensure post-conflict recovery and build a counter-criminality environment for speedy rehabilitation, reconstruction, and resettlement of victims of terrorism in the North-East, is being vigorously pursued,” the minister added. He noted that the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development was established to respond adequately to humanitarian related cases in the country. He said that corruption had hampered Nigeria’s development and impeded the proper implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The minister underscored the need for continued international cooperation to repatriate looted funds stashed in foreign jurisdictions back to Nigeria. “The availability of the funds will facilitate enjoyment of basic human rights and fundamental freedoms for our citizens; Nigeria therefore calls for concerted efforts in combating illicit financial flows. “Nigeria will continue to support the Global Action for the full implementation of the 2030 Agenda, especially in the critical areas of Poverty Eradication, Zero Hunger, Quality Education, and Climate Change. “Nigeria will also continue to promote and effectively defend the fundamental human rights of Nigerians and all others within our borders,” the minister declared. He said that the promotion and protection of fundamental human rights and freedoms were critical ingredients for the attainment of international peace and security as well as achievement of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda. Onyeama underscored the need for global support of the council’s operations to enable it to succeed in ensuring gender equality and women empowerment as well as the elimination of discrimination and violence against women and girls. He praised the 14-member states elected into the Human Rights Council at the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) and assured them of Nigeria’s willingness to promote the council’s mandate.