China reported 108 more deaths on Tuesday, taking the total toll in the country to 1,016, the National Health Commission said.  “There were 2,478 new confirmed cases on the mainland on Feb. 10, down from 3,062 on the previous day, bringing the total to 42,638. “China’s Hubei province, the epicentre of the outbreak, reported 2,097 new cases and 103 new deaths on Feb. 10,’’ the health authority said. The government’s senior medical adviser said that the coronavirus outbreak is hitting a peak in China this month and may be over by April. According to the World Health Organisation (WHO) and Chinese health officials, there are 319 cases in 24 other countries and territories. Hubei province has dismissed the Communist Party boss and a director of the provincial health commission amid widespread public criticism of the authorities handling of the epidemic. On Monday, the U.S. Centres for Disease Control and Prevention said the 13th case of the coronavirus in the U.S. was detected in California in a person under federal quarantine after returning from Wuhan, China. Taiwan raised its travel warning, advising people not to visit Hong Kong or Macau unless they have to, and to take precautions if going to Singapore or Thailand. It also urged the Philippines to lift a travel ban on its citizens after Manila included them in curbs on arrivals from China. “Five Hong Kongers evacuated from a residential building where a man and woman confirmed with coronavirus live tested negative for the virus,’’ health authorities said. Vietnam’s health ministry confirmed another case of the coronavirus, bringing its total to 15. A health ministry official said Thailand has recorded one new case of coronavirus, bringing the total in the country to 33 since January. Thailand barred passengers from Holland America’s cruise ship MS Westerdam from disembarking, the latest country to turn it away amid fears of the coronavirus in spite of no confirmed infections aboard. Asian share markets followed Wall Street higher even as doubts grew about how quickly China’s factories could get back to work given that the coronavirus continues to spread and deaths mount. The WHO said 168 labs globally have the right technology to diagnose the virus. “The World Bank is offering technical assistance to China to help battle the epidemic but no new loans,’’ the development lender’s president, David Malpass, said. “The virus outbreak could trim China’s full-year economic growth rate by as much as 1 percentage point in 2020,’’ a senior member of a Chinese government think tank said. Britain has declared the coronavirus a serious and imminent threat to public health.