The Director-General, National Youth Service Corps, Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, has called for continued support of state governments for the success of the scheme’s programmes and activities.  Ibrahim made the call in a statement issued by Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, Director, Press and Public Relations, NYSC, on Saturday in Abuja. Addressing a meeting of the Governors’ Forum, Ibrahim said that the roles of state governments were critical to the smooth operations of the scheme. According to him, while the Federal Government shoulders a greater part of the responsibility of running the scheme, the enabling act saddles states and local governments with complimentary responsibilities. He listed the complimentary responsibilities to include the provision of facilities like orientation camp, corps transit lodge and corps lodges. “Others are office accommodation and other forms of intervention that are essential for the welfare of corps members and the general success of the scheme,” he said. He, however, expressed appreciation to various state governments for their support for the scheme, especially in the area of corps welfare. “The purpose of my appearance before you today is to thank you, both individually and collectively, for all your gestures in support of the NYSC. “These include various intervention projects being carried out in some of our orientation camps and payment of state allowance to corps members. “They also include release of state subvention to some of the NYSC state secretariats and the provision of accommodation for corps members, amongst others. “However, I am constrained to most respectfully inform this forum that there is more to be done in some states, to make the operating environment conducive for the scheme,” he said. Among the requests he presented to the governors were the establishment of NYSC State Governing Boards and Local Government Committees, where none existed, and sustained upgrade of orientation camp facilities. Others, he said, were prioritisation of corps members’ security, provision of land for agriculture, prompt payment of state allowance and effective utilisation of corps members. Responding, the Chairman of the Governors’ Forum and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, gave assurance of their continued support for the scheme, adding that corps members’ security would be accorded priority. Fayemi said that all the requests made by the director-general would be looked into.