The National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) in Maiduguri on Thursday organised a football competition to promote peace and unity among the youths in Borno.  Our correspondent report that a total of 24 teams would be participating in the two-week competition organised by the NYSC Community Development Service group at the Police parade ground stadium in Maiduguri. Speaking on the competition, the NYSC Coordinator, Nura Umar, disclosed that it had become necessary for NYSC to organise such games in line with the scheme’s mandate. He said the scheme was primarily designed to promote national unity and reintegration as well as fast track development in different parts of the communities where Corp members were serving. He explained that sportsmanship and creation of national unity among the youths could be best done through this kinds of competition. Umar said that the competition tagged; “Peace and solidarity” was in appreciation of the peace and return of normalcy in Borno, after battling with the insurgents for about 10 years. “This competition is also aimed at fostering unity among the youth in the state as well as the Corp members who are serving there. “At the end of this competion, it is envisaged that Corp members will have as many friends as possible both among the players and the spectators. Also speaking, Mr Babagana Kalli, Chairman, Borno State Football Association, lauded the scheme for organising the tournament, describing it as “first of its kind”. Kalli said that the football game would go a long away in promoting talent and skills among youths as well as take them away from all forms of idleness and social vices. “Once you can shun all the social vices, come out and show your talent, then I think the sky is your limit,” he said. Kalli therefore called on the Borno state Government to support grassroots football for the development of the state. In his remarks, Alhaji Seina Buba, the Commissioner for Sport, noted that the State Government had focused on programmes that would revolutionise all sporting activities in the state. Represented by Kashim Zannah, the Manager Elkanemy Warriors Football Club, Buba reiterated the government’s commitment toward promoting any activities that would bring about lasting peace and promote unity in the state. It was reported that the tournament which kicked off with a match between the NYSC club and Madrid FC was expected to end in March.