Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has congratulated the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) over Thursday’s Supreme Court ruling sacking Bayelsa governor-elect, Mr David Lyon and his running mate, Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo.  The governor’s congratulatory message was conveyed in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, in Asaba. Okowa described the ruling as a welcomed development for the PDP and its candidates in the governorship race, Sen. Douye Diri and Sen. Lawrence Ewhrudjakpor. He noted that the Court ruled that Degi-Eremienyo presented forged educational certificates, including those of primary, secondary and tertiary schools, to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). He said the Court also held that the Form CF 001 Degi-Eremieoyo submitted to INEC for the purpose of the Nov. 16, 2019 governorship election in the state, contained false information of fundamental nature. Okowa said that the apex court held that since Degi-Eremieoyo shared a joint ticket with the governor-elect, his disqualification invalidated their nomination by the All Progressives Congress (APC). The governor said that his confidence in the Judiciary had been rekindled by the didactic ruling of the apex court. He urged PDP and the governor-elect to take steps to reconcile all stakeholders in Bayelsa in order to strengthen the party for future elections. “The news of the Supreme Court ruling on the Bayelsa governorship election came to me with joy. “This is because we have been writhing in pain on the loss of Bayelsa to the APC in the last governorship election in the state. “We are happy because the Supreme Court has once again restored the confidence of the people in the judiciary. “This victory is a clarion call on the party and the governor-elect to take steps to reconcile all aggrieved party members who defected or worked against the party in the Nov. 16, 2019 Governorship Election in the state. “This is very important, because there is need to rebuild the confidence of the people in our party, going forward,’’ Okowa said. The governor added, “On behalf of the government and people of Delta, I congratulate our great party, the PDP, on the victory at the Supreme Court. “It is my prayer that God will usher in a new lease of life for Bayelsans as a new administration takes over in the state. “I also congratulate my brother governor, Chief Seriake Dickson, for a successful tenure in office”.