The National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC) has said that the culture and creative arts sector would be the nation’s choice future saviour industry.  Director-General of NCAC, Olusegun Runsewe, said this when delegates from National Association of Nigeria Theatre and Allied Arts Practitioners (NANTAP) visited him on Wednesday in Abuja. According to him, the culture sector is the only industry that does not need too much educational qualification to venture into, be it arts, crafts, others. “All you need is your creativity to be qualified and employed in the sector,” he said. He added that the sector should be embraced and given the attention it deserved, stressing that the sector had saved countries such as China, Dubai, others. He added that the commendation of his administration from the National Assembly and their interest in moving the sector forward indicated that a new chapter had opened for the sector. He further said that the visit from NANTAP, being a key stakeholder in the sector had awakened the consciousness for more synergy. “I have special respect for NANTAP because they have shown genuine love and respect towards the development of the culture industry. “This sector should be embraced by all for what it holds for the future of the nation,” he said. Runsewe then commended the delegation and reiterated the commitment of the agency to work with relevant stakeholders to showcase and promote the nation’s culture. Earlier, Mr Isreal Ebo, President of the association, said the visit was necessitated to acknowledge and appreciate the D-G’s efforts in ensuring that the culture sector was preserved and promoted. According to him, the relationship between the association and NCAC had spanned 30 years. He however, added that the association had been sidelined for some years, saying that it was being united under the leadership of the current D-G. Ebo also said that the move by the D-G to ensure that the Arts and Crafts Village was protected and preserved was a laudable approach. “We are here to appreciate you for defending our culture, heritage, values, others, because there are so many out there who do not bother, you decided to protect our image for our children’s sake and future. “And the visit of the National Assembly to the Arts and Crafts Village is a testament of your good deeds. “There must be a synergy with the government and culture stakeholders to help boost the industry and that Runsewe has done,” he said. Ebo, however, assured the D-G of the association’s commitment and loyalty towards ensuring that the nation’s cultural heritage was projected, promoted and preserved. It was reported that the president of NANTAP was accompanied on the visit by some members of the association.