Leading Consumer Goods Company in Nigeria, Procter & Gamble, is supporting the Kebbi State Government with over 1 million Pampers diapers to reduce infant mortality and increase immunization rate in Kebbi state. This initiative will also promote child hygiene in the first 1,000 days of the child. The announcement was made at the Primary Health Center (PHC) Raha in Bunza Local Government during the flag-off of the partnership program. P&G is a force for good and a force for growth in the communities where it operates; and through this programme, the company will support the Kebbi state government’s efforts of reducing infant mortality rate in the state by increasing immunization in areas with low immunization rates. Speaking about the partnership, the P&G Africa Director for Government Relations & Public Policy, Temitope Iluyemi said, “At P&G, we deliver our promise to make everyday life just a little bit better for our consumers. Our brands improve the lives of people in the communities where we live and work. “We believe in being a force for good and a force for growth wherever we operate. As such, our operations touch thousands of lives with economic prosperity and our citizenship efforts in Nigeria touch over 5 million people. We are grateful for this opportunity to lend our support to the promotion of maternal and child health through increased immunization and antenatal care programs in the state.”, Mrs. Iluyemi added. In his remarks, Kebbi State Governor, Senator Abubakar Atiku Bagudu thanked Procter & Gamble for the partnership with Kebbi State. He noted that the partnership with Procter & Gamble will intensify his government’s intervention efforts in maternal and child health through the Kebbi State Emergency Maternal and Child Health Intervention Center (SEMCHIC) programs. Commenting further, the first lady of Kebbi state, Dr. Zainab Bagudu added, “Every child has a right to life and to quality health, which is why we are grateful to P&G, for supporting our drive to promote maternal and child health in the state. With their support, nursing mothers who visit the Primary Health Centers (PHCs) across the state to attend antenatal care, deliver or vaccinate their wards will receive free Pampers diapers.” For over 25 years in Nigeria, Procter & Gamble, producer of notable brands like Always, Ariel, Pampers, Gillette, Oral B and Safeguard, has been an active investor in Nigeria, creating over 4,000 jobs through its manufacturing operations in Ibadan and Lagos and its world class distributor centre in Agbara. The company’s social investment programs also touch over 5 million Nigerians annually.