The Young Parliamentarians Forum (YPF), has urged National Assembly to include young legislators in its special committees to ensure inclusiveness.  YPF said this in a communique at the end of its retreat on Monday in Abuja. The forum said in the communique signed by its Chairman Mr Kabiru Tukura, that it acknowledged the commitment of the leadership of the 9th National Assembly towards youth’s inclusion in governance. It said that it would canvass for further Constitutional amendments as well as take deliberate steps to increase youths and women representation in elective and appointive positions in the country. The forum said that it recognised the urgent need to deepen the integrity of elections in the country through amendments to the electoral legal framework. It urged governments at national and state levels to declare State of Emergency on youths’ development, given the deplorable socio-economic condition of young people across Nigeria. “Particularly, YPF will propose amendments that will deepen internal democracy in parties and sanitise candidates’ nomination process. Other priority issues include; review of timelines for the resolution of pre-election matters before election. “The YPF also agrees that there was need to bridge the dichotomy between election petition tribunal and regular courts; deployment of technology for results collation and transmission and electronic accreditation of voters; creation of the electoral offences commission among others. “We also support ongoing reforms in the petroleum sector and will work assiduously to ensure the passage of the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill (PIGB) within the time slated by the leadership of the National Assembly, taking into consideration the interest of Nigerians and other stakeholders in the sector,’’ it said. The forum frowned at non-compliance of state governors to Constitutional amendment granting financial autonomy to State Houses of Assembly and called on the Attorney General of the Federation to enforce the autonomy. It identified collapse of Local Government system as one of the factors responsible for worsening insecurity in Nigeria and assured that it would support ongoing Constitutional amendments to grant financial and administrative autonomy to local government councils in the country. The forum expressed deep concern over insecurity and its devastating impact on young people, women and people living with disabilities adding that the current security situation in the country posed a threat to social cohesion and national development. It commended security agencies especially gallant men and women in the war front for their selflessness and patriotism in combating insecurity. The forum called on governments at all levels to review current security architecture to ensure peace and security in line with democratic standards of national security management. It said that there was need to sustain the inauguration of YPF in State Houses of Assembly to build capacity of members and activate inclusion of young persons in governance, leadership and the democratic process. “The YPF reaffirmed its commitment to deepening democratic civic space and protection of human rights and will therefore not support some proposed legislations. “These are the hate speech bill, social media bill, the NGO bill in their current form, all of which are capable of trampling on the rights of Nigerians. “However, YPF, calls on all citizens to be sensitive to the rights of others and be responsible in the exercise of their own rights,’’ it said.