Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers says sports is a veritable tool for healthy living, promoting unity, comradeship amongst people and human empowerment generally.  Wike made the statement while declaring open the 5th Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) Doctors Games tagged “Port Harcourt 2020”, in Port Harcourt on Tuesday. Represented by Tammy Danagogo, Secretary to the State Government, the Rivers governor commended the doctors for participating in sports to stay healthy. “So, as you need the sports to stay healthy, your patients and the society also need to stay healthy. “I urge you not to only ensure that your members engage in sporting activities but also pass the message to your patients and the society at large. According to Wike, health is largely dependent on diet and exercise, and the doctors are leading the way with games competition. “I am happy that our doctors who are champions of good health are leading the way. So, lead the way by doing the sports and teaching the society by example,” he added. Earlier in his address, NMA President Francis Faduyile said that the Doctors Games was a strategy to promote the physical, mental and medical fitness of its members. He said it would improve health status and life expectancy. Faduyile also stated that the quality of healthcare delivery in Nigeria by NMA members would improve through the games. “This is in keeping with the theme for this game, which is, “Healthy Doctors: Healthier World”. “It is our hope that all our members will avail themselves these opportunities and actively participate in the 5th NMA Doctors Games and practice what they preach to their patients,” he said. The NMA President urged members to be in their best behaviour, make more sacrifices, show commitment and support issues concerning the association and the medical profession at large. Chairman of National NMA Sports Committee, Uche Ojinmah, said that the tradition of inviting other healthcare professionals during the opening ceremony of the games was to create relationship in the health sector. “This started at Abeokuta in 2018 and has been sustained with the invitation of football team from our sister profession of nursing to trade tackles with NMA football team. “I hope and pray that this on-field interaction shall herald a new positive era in relations between medical and nursing professions,” he said. In her remarks, Dr Obelebra Adebiyi, the NMA Chairperson in Rivers, said the event was aimed at building healthy doctors as well as fostering unity and brotherliness amongst Nigerians across ethnic, political and religious divides. Adebiyi commended Gov. Wike for sponsoring the Doctors Games in Port Harcourt. The football match between NMA male team and the National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives male football team for the opening ceremony ended 1-0 in favour of NMA.