Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto, has called on religious and traditional institutions to support Federal Government programmes to tackle security challenges in the country.  Tambuwal made the call when ACG Muhammad Aliyu, the North West Coordinator of the Border Drill Exercise, Nigeria Custom Service (NCS), paid him a courtesy visit on Thursday in Sokoto. He also appealed to religious and traditional institutions to moderate their comments on security issues. “Leaders should kindly moderate their comments and down play angers on issues relating to insecurity. “Let us all support, encourage and work with the Federal Government to secure Nigerian,” he said. Tambuwal urged President Muammadu Buhari to explore windows of engagement with stakeholders over the security situation in the country. “I appeal to the President to invite some of the religious leaders and other stakeholders to enhance active engagement with Federal Government organs. “Let us support, encourage and work with the President to ensure that we secure Nigeria. “I believe we should not play politics, we should not bring in religious sentiment on matters of security. “Leaders at all levels must support the President’s efforts to enhance security situation in the county,” he said. Tambuwal, however, decried poor communication and inadequate public enlightenment before the commencement of Nigeria’s border closure, adding that the trend led to criticism of the exercise. He noted that with the kind of information received from the visiting team on the border drill operations, Sokoto state had good reasons to support the exercise to rid the menace of drug abuse and other security challenges. The governor pledged support and collaboration with the NCS to sensitize the people on the need to support the exercise to achieve the set objectives. Also Speaking, Aliyu said the team was in the to monitor men and officers posted to the border posts to ensure compliance to the regulations of the exercise. Aliyu said the border drill operation was meant to protect the integrity and health of the people, adding that the exercise was significant because Nigeria has turned into a dumping ground of all sort of imported goods. It was reported that the team also visited the State Commissioner of Police, Mr Ibrahim Kaoje, and sought for support on the exercise.