The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is set to host the 2020 edition of Budget Seminar at the Eko Hotels and Suites Victoria Island, Lagos. The theme of the event is “Leveraging the 2020 Budget and Finance Act for the Growth of the Nigerian Capital Market”, the Commission said in a statement Wednesday. Expected as Guest of Honour at the event is the Minister for Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs. Zainab Ahmed, while Dr. Suleyman Ndanusa OON will be the Chairman. The Seminar presenter is scheduled to be Dr. Afolabi Olowookere, Head Economic Research of the SEC while Mr. Chuka Eseka, MD/CEO Vetiva Capital Limited will be the moderator. Panellists at the event include Mr. Seyi Owoturo, CEO United Securities Limited, Mr. Laoye Jaiyeola, CEO Nigerian Economic Summit Group, Emeritus Professor Ademola Oyejide, Department of Economics, University of Ibadan and Ms. Tumi Sekoni, Managing Director, FMDQ Securities Exchange Limited. The seminar, the Fourth of its kind by the SEC, is scheduled for Thursday February 13, 2020, and will bring together experts with professional, policy and academic background in order to deliberate extensively on how the capital market can leverage the 2020 budget as well as the finance Act 2019 for growth and the implication of the budget to the capital market in Nigeria. Also to be examined are the ways in which the capital market could contribute more meaningfully to the growth and recovery process the budget and the Act are intended to promote. The Commission’s Budget Seminar Series has been established as a forum for evaluating the connection between the Nigerian capital market and the annual Federal Government Budget. A major aim is to identify how the capital market can contribute to and in turn benefit from the budget and its implementation. The Commission as the host of this event, gathers subject matter experts with incisive knowledge and experience on various economic activities to deliberate extensively, with the aim of enlightening participants on the area of focus for the seminar. In addition to the learning of the day, which will equip participants, a communique will be drafted and forwarded as the capital market inputs to the appropriate government and private institutions.