The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo has given assurance that its administration in the state would ensure an all-inclusive and realistic government for growth and development.  Mr Chris Nehikhare, State Publicity Secretary of the party disclosed this on Friday in an interview with our reporter in Benin. Nehikhare said that this would ensure that everyone has an equal chance of contributing towards the success of the State. He noted that Edo was for all and does not belong to some exclusive group, politicians or party. According to him, “We want to ensure inclusiveness and that everyone has an equal chance of contributing towards the success of our State. “As we approach the governorship elections scheduled for Sept. 19, it is our responsibility to let Edo people know the choices before them. “Because Edo is for all and does not belong to some exclusive group, a politician or party. “Our programme is a clear roadmap of where we want to arrive together. It is not a wish-list, it’s not a simple agenda, but a realistic programme built on our vision for growth and development. “Our roadmap will be well crafted and realistic. It will certainly not just be a vote catching exercise,” he said. He also said that the party would build and improve on some programmes, while reviewing others that needs improvement. Nehikhare added that the party would change what needed to be changed as well as deal with them. He noted that challenges in government were complex, adding that to deal with them takes hard work, complex research and deep thinking “Gov. Godwin Obaseki possesses these attributes. We also promise you that your state will be yours. If you are young we will offer you all the opportunities to further your studies and succeed, to achieve your full potential,” he added. The publicity Secretary further said that workers would have the jobs that they deserve, while businesses would be given the space to grow and thrive. “This is what PDP stands for, making Edo people matter, and resetting Edo for a better and brighter tomorrow,” Nehikhare said.