The Minister of State for Education, Mr Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, on Wednesday announced the release of a comprehensive schedule for various National Examinations for exit classes starting from Aug. 17 to Nov. 18.  The Minister’s Spokesman, Mr Ben Goong, said in a statement in Abuja that Nwajiuba made the announcement after series of meetings with heads of examination bodies in the country. Nwajiuba said West African Examinations Council (WAEC-SSCE) would start on Aug. 17, while National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB) examinations would start on the Sept. 21 and end Oct. 15. According to him, other details of the schedule indicate that Senior Secondary School Certificate Examinations, (SSCE) for SS3, conducted by NECO will start on the Oct. 5 and end on Nov. 18. Nwajiuba added that the Basic Education Certificate Examinations (BECE) for JSS 3 also conducted by NECO would start on Aug. 24 and end on Sept. 7. He further said that the National Common Entrance Examination (NCEE), NECO one-day examination for intending applicants into Unity Colleges (JSS1) would hold on Oct. 17, in-between the Senior Secondary Certificate Examinations. “The ongoing registration for the NECO (SSCE) will end on Sept. 10 and there shall be no extension for the registration whatsoever. “The National Board for Arabic and Islamic Studies (NBAIS) examination will commence on Sept. 23 and end Oct. 17. “All examination bodies are expected to release details of their examination timetables within seven days,” he said. Nwajiuba said that it was compulsory for parents and pupils to wear face masks on the exam date for the one-day National Common Entrance Examination conducted by NECO, while also carrying along with them alcohol-based sanitizers. It was reported that the meeting, chaired by Nwajiuba, was attended by Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, Mr Sonny Echono and Registrar, Joint Admissions Matriculations Board (JAMB), Prof. Is-haq Oloyede. Others were Registar, National Examinations Council (NECO), Prof. Godswill Obioma and Registrar, National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB), Prof. Ifeoma Isiugo-Abanihe. Also, at the meeting were National Board for Arabic and Islamic Studies (NBAIS), Dr Raji and the Acting Registrar, West African Examinations Council (WAEC), Dr J.O. Oke.