The immediate past Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, has explained why he left the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) and returned to the All Progressives Congress (APC). He gave the explanation in his letter of resignation dated July 24, 2020, and addressed to the Bogoro ‘C’ Ward Chairman of the PDP in Bauchi, his home-state. Dogara revealed that one of the reasons for his exit from the PDP was what he described as the breakdown of governance in the state. He decried that such was happening under the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed whom he “helped install” as a governor in the 2019 general elections. The former speaker also raised questions on issues relating to the alleged failure of governance in Bauchi. He, however, stressed that he cannot successfully ask questions about those issues without being accused of disloyalty if he were to remain in the PDP. Dogara noted that he had taken up the responsibility of telling the truth to power in Bauchi under the administrations of former Governors Isa Yuguda and Mohammed Abubakar. He believes abdicating the same duty under the present administration will make him become the most irresponsible and unprincipled politician in the state.  THE LETTER OF RESIGNATION  24/07/2020  The Chairman People’s Democratic Party, Bogoro ‘C’ Ward, Bogoro LGA, Bauchi State.  LETTER OF RESIGNATION OF MY MEMBERSHIP OF THE PDP Above subject matter refers. I write to intimate you of my decision to resign my membership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). This became necessary because the same reasons why we fought hard in 2019 to effect changes in the Governance of our dear state are festering now. I intend to bring these issues to the front burners once again as the fight to install decent and egalitarian government in our dear state continues. Specifically, I intend to ask questions about the following: Mr Chairman, you will agree with me that I cannot raise these issues and many more questions without a charge of disloyalty levelled against me if I were to remain a member of the PDP. I cannot also fail to raise these questions now, having raised similar ones during the administrations of Governors Isa Yuguda and Mohammed A. Abubakar. If I abdicate this responsibility on the altar of partisan loyalty, I will be the most irresponsible and unprincipled politician in Bauchi State. Thus, by this letter, I have resigned my membership of the PDP to enable me keep faith with my principle of fighting for good governance in our Dear State. Thank you for your kind considerations. Rt. Hon. Yakubu Dogara