The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic on Thursday urged Nigerians to proceed with caution with the eased restriction as it could change course depending on the trajectory of the Coronavirus infections.  The Chairman of the task force, Mr Boss Mustapha, gave this advice during a briefing on the COVID-19 update in Abuja. According to him, despite the latest relaxation, there is need to proceed with caution. He said: “One significant observation the PTF wishes to make is that new rise in cases is to be expected as nations start to ease restrictions.” “We shall, however, proceed with caution and we shall not hesitate to change course when the need arises.” “What this means is that Nigerians should never mistake the relaxation by the government as a signal that the COVID-19 battle had been concluded.” “We are in the early days of the extension of the second phase of eased lockdown and we shall always remind ourselves of the reason for these uncommon times facing humanity.” ”This is the time to comply with the guidelines, it is the time to be vigilant and to take responsibility.” Mustapha, also the Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), said that following the announcement of the extension of phase two and some new measures on June 30, the Aviation sector had announced July 8, July 11 and July 15 as dates for the gradual resumption of domestic flights. While thanking Nigerians for their patience and understanding, the SGF urged that they strictly abide with the new airport protocols as he observed that in the aviation industry, safety and security were paramount. He recalled that the PTF had similarly announced some limited measures for the education sector that were now being misconstructed. Mustapha said: “Specifically, we pointed out that it was still not safe to reopen schools. “However, in order not to truncate the progression of pupils and students in critical examination classes, the President approved that arrangements be made for them to resume for those who need revision before the commencement of examinations. “This aspect has been subjected to several interpretations and misinterpretations. “For the avoidance of doubts, schools have not resumed. Only critical examination classes will be allowed to resume for those who need revision before examinations. “As we have informed you, the Federal Ministry of Education will consult further with stakeholders before issuing guidelines that will lead to full resumption.” “We appeal to Nigerians to continue to show understanding and to ensure that their wards take full advantage of electronic platforms provided for learning,” he added.