Nigeria’s most innovative Non-Interest Bank, TAJBank, has announced the highly anticipated launch of TAJMall, the nation's first ethical online shopping mall. The highly anticipated launch of the e-commerce site, which held recently, is coming closely on the heels of the commencement of its Agency Banking Network which began in June across thirteen (13) states in the country. To celebrate this milestone, the brand will be holding a week long TAJMall campaign from 6th – 11 th July 2020 to sensitize and also reward its new customers to its platform.   "This is a great milestone as we present a fully customer focused e- commerce platform offering 100 percent authentic brands from highly vetted vendors. Our mission is to rebuild trust in the online shopping niche, hence the emphasis on our platform being an ethical shopping mall. We want to deliver on our promise and make this an enjoyable and safe experience not just for our customers, but also for our numerous trusted vendors as well," said Founder/COO TAJBank, Hamid Joda. "Our customers place absolute trust that goods will be delivered exactly as requested, and we do not take that trust lightly, he added. The brand expressed commitment to continuously deploy technological tools on it’s new e- platform to maintain optimal customer service delivery and ensure shopping on TAJMall remains a productive and hassle free experience. Customers who log onto the tajmall.ng platform (or download the app), will have the opportunity to enjoy massive price slashes, shopping coupons, free shipping and other incredible offers. The Bank also intends to offer financing to its customers who shop on the mall. Well beyond our exciting line up of activities, they are assured the highest level of value each time they make a purchase on TAJMall. Our marketing insights have shown that there is an increasing need to match the kind of variety in product offerings that customers yearn for with the exceptional shopping experience that may at times be lacking. We aim to make that an unmatched experience right from the moment our customers visit our mall to the receipt of their items," affirmed Co-Founder/CMO, Mr Sherif Idi. Customers shopping on TAJ Mall are guaranteed 100% authenticity, official warranties from the brands, and a 5 day return policy at no extra cost to the customer. What is TAJMall? It is an ethical shopping mall with a carefully curated selection of local and international brands sold by strictly vetted brands. Why shop on TAJMall? Shopping on TAJMall is an incredibly rewarding online shopping experience. As they can enjoy shopping for a wide assortment of authentic brands from authorized vendors. Enjoy an incredible 10-day hassle-free return policy: If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase return your products within 5 days of delivery, with proof of purchase, at no extra cost.  What is an Ethical Online Mall? It’s a shopping platform that offers products that to the highest standards. There are no compromises in terms of quality of our products or our signature outstanding customer service delivery. How to find TAJMall products?  Visit www.tajmall.ng for a full list of products spanning household items, groceries, electronics and so much more.