The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono has assured Nigeria farmers of adequate security.  Nanono made this known on Thursday, while handing over the multi-million naira water treatment plant build by the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to Bukkuyum community in Bukkuyum Local Government Area of Zamfara. Nanono was represented by the North West, Zonal Director in the ministry, Mr Olusegun Owolabi. He said that the ministry was collaborating with security agencies to ensure adequate security was provided to farmers. “The Federal Government’s security agencies are working round the clock to guarantee security for farmers everywhere in the country, farmers are therefore encouraged to be patient with the government,” he said. According to the minister, the water project is aimed to supply the community with clean and portable water. The minister said that it would help to improve good health for rural dwellers to encourage high productivity. “The ministry’s infrastructural support to farmers is not limited to the mini-water treatment plant but includes social amenities such as solar lights, rural roads and provision of subsidised inputs and equipments. “The present administration in Nigeria led by President Muhammad Buhari does not only believe in farmers but interested in their well being,” he said. The Commissioner for Water Resources, Alhaji Junaidu Muhammad described the gesture as timely and welcome development. “Water is very important to life without which there is no existence, on behalf of the state government; we appreciate this kind gesture to our people. “The state government appreciate this wonderful effort, we promise to make the best use of it with proper maintenance. “I have directed the State Managing Director State Water Board to open an area office here in Bukkuyum in order to enhance water supply in the area,” the commissioner said. The Emir of Bukkuyum, Alhaji Muhammad Usman thanked the Federal Government for the project. “We are happy for locating this project in our town, we appreciate the Federal Government’s gesture to improve portable water supply to our people. “We are appealing for more projects from the Federal Government, especially federal roads, culverts and solar street lights for easy transportation of goods and services,” he said. The Director, Federal Ministry of Agriculture, office in Gusau, Alhaji Musa Raji, thanked the support and cooperation given to the project by Bukkuyum emirate and local government council. He appealed to people of the area to ensure proper maintenance of the project for future use.