The wife of Ekiti Governor, Mrs Bisi Fayemi, has appealed to the state government to approve the state’s Gender Based Violence (GBV) Strategic Framework for year 2020-2022.  It was reported that she made the appeal in Ado-Ekiti on Monday, during the presentation of the Annual Report and Ekiti State Gender Based Violence Strategic Plan 2020-2022 to Gov. Kayode Fayemi at the Governor’s office. Mrs Fayemi, who doubles as the Chairperson of the GBV Committee, also urged the governor to include GBV on the agenda of State Security Council Meetings and appoint a part-time GBV Research and Documentation Specialist to aid in data collection for analysis, planning and service delivery She, however, urged the governor to provide appropriate measures for recruitment, retention and capacity building of Social Workers, Gender Specialists and other relevant staff in Ekiti. She added that “there is need for review of mental health facilities and resources in Ekiti State to aid in our GBV management programmes, as well as facilities and resources to care for women living with disabilities because they are vulnerable to GBV. “There is need to encourage local government chairmen to support the strategic plan as it applies to their respective areas. “We have to prioritise womens’ economic empowerment and livelihoods to reduce vulnerability of women and their children.” She also called on the state government to include the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), National Agency for Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) on the GBV Management Committee. The governor’s wife solicited for government’s assistance in the implementation of the GBV 2020 -2022 strategic plan, and a budget for running of the newly established sexual Assault Referral Centre. Responding, Gov. Fayemi assured of the state government’s zero tolerance to GBV and sexual assault in the state. He reassured that the GBV framework 2020-2022 would be presented to the executive council, while its inclusion on the agenda of state security council meetings would not be a problem. It was reported that the event was attended by the Commissioner for Information and Value Orientation, Mr Muyiwa Olumilua, the state’s Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Wale Fapohunda, Head of Service, Mrs Peju Babafemi, Commissioner for Women Affairs, Mrs Mojisola Fafure, among others.