Konga is set to host a discount party for the July and third edition of Konga Last Price, a monthly live online auction pioneered by the foremost e-Commerce brand. Specifically, the discount party which forms the major theme of the auction holds on Monday from 12pm to 2pm. Konga Last Price is a monthly digital auction which holds every first Monday. The July edition, which coincides with the celebration of Konga’s three-week long 8th anniversary sales extravaganza, is set to witness a discount bonanza. Konga has gone ahead to further slash starting prices for the auction in order to give shoppers more incentives as part of its anniversary offer. The Monday’s session, which will commence by 12pm prompt, has seen huge anticipation and excitement from eager shoppers, many of whom have expressed their determination to bargain hard for the products on offer, taking advantage of the reduced starting prices. For instance, auction starting price for a 350 litres chest freezer worth nearly N130,000 has been pegged at N57,000. Also, bargain-hungry shoppers can start bidding at N49, 783 for a 1.5hp split unit air-conditioner going for over N110,000 in average retail price in the market. For smartphone lovers, bid prices for the Samsung Galaxy S10 E will open at a little over N88,000 for multiple units of the device worth nearly N200,000 in the market. Meanwhile, Konga has put together a wide collection of star products from a variety of categories for the live online auction. Among the array of products that have been lined up for the mega discount sale today are Home & Kitchen appliances such as air conditioners, gas cookers, washing machines; consumer electronics including Home Theatre Systems, TV sets, microwave, sandwich makers and electric kettles, among others; quality FMCG products, mobile phones, computing devices, generators and other power solutions, all from the biggest brands. Expected attendance for today’s discount party and live auction, which will be hosted concurrently across Konga’s social media channels on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube and the website at www.konga.com is estimated to gross over 300,000 participants. The event will feature three sessions – a live auction across Konga’s aforementioned social media channels; a timed auction on the Konga website and a flash sale on social media involving no bids which will run concurrently with the social media live auction.