Dana Air has announced the resumption of its flight services on July 9, 2020, following the recent re-opening of the airports by the Federal Government.  The Chief Operating Officer of Dana Air, Obi Mbanuzuo disclosed this in a statement to newsmen on Wednesday in Lagos. Mbanuzuo said that the airline would operate three daily flights from Lagos to Abuja and back while the date for the addition of Port Harcourt and Owerri to be announced later. The Chief Operating Officer while speaking on the preparedness of the airlines said,” Dana Air is ready to fly safely again from July 9. “We have worked round the clock with the NCAA to achieve this safe resumption of flights and we are introducing other initiatives soon in line with the present realities and the need to minimize contacts at the airport. “We have disinfected all our aircraft, provided all our staff with the recommended Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), alcohol-based hand sanitisers have been made available at our check-in, boarding gates and onboard the aircraft for guests. “We have an optimised cleaning protocol in place as recommended by the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). “We have also created a boarding strategy which will give our passengers some sense of safety onboard our aircraft. “We are distinctly positioned to reduce the impact of the concerns you might have, starting from proper maintenance schedule, pre-flight cleaning and boarding, to in-flight service and disembarkation — all aspects of our flights have been optimised for the safety and well-being of our guests.” “To stay ahead, our guests are advised to book their tickets online, use our self service at MMA2 or download the Dana Air app for booking and reservation.” “Also in line with the new health protocols at the airports, we have advised our guests to arrive at the airport at least three hours to their flight.” “They are also required to wear a face mask at the airport and onboard our flights,” he added. According to Mbanuzuo, Dana Air is one of Nigeria’s leading airlines with a total of nine aircraft in its fleet, a mix of Boeing 737 and McDonnel Douglas. “The airline is reputed for its innovative online products and services, unrivaled in-flight service and on-time performance.” It was reported that Dana Air suspended flight operations on March 27, following the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria.