The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State says irrespective of insinuations and conjectures, there is no divisions among the party members in the state.  Mr Alex Kalejaiye, the state Publicity Secretary of the party, said this in a statement on Friday in Akure. Kalejaiye was reacting to Mr Henry Olatuja, a chieftain of the party, who asked the national office to acknowledge that the Ondo State chapter of the party had two groups. Olatuja made the claim at the national secretariat of the party in Abuja on Wednesday. “Contrary to the pernicious insinuation being created by Mr Henry Olatuja and his cohorts, the APC in Ondo State remains undivided. “The only State Executive Committee (SEC) under the Chairmanship of Ade Adetimehin, was inaugurated in June 2018 and has since been adjudged to be properly constituted by a competent court of law. “This exco that legally inhabits and operates from the only state secretariat at Oyemekun Road, in Akure, has worked assiduously for the well-being of the chapter and enjoys tremendous support from the party faithful across the state. “It is, therefore, curious that Mr Olatuja, who was not part of the process during the State Congress, over two years ago, would appear from nowhere and announce himself as a factional chairman,” he stated. According to him, Olatuja’s action is perceived as an extension of the gross indiscipline that the Adetimehin-led exco has strived relentlessly to stamp out of the party in the last two years. The spokesman noted that Olatuja and his co-travellers had demonstrated that they were solely out to cause confusion within the fold and lower the image of the chapter before stakeholders outside the state. Kalejaiye warned Olatuja to desist forthwith from parading himself as a factional chairman of the state chapter, or face prosecution for impersonation. He promised that the party in the state would embark on a deep investigation to unravel all identities of those behind the exercise, which he described as futility in action.