Alhaji Balarabe Kakale-Shuni, who represents Bodinga/Dange-Shuni Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, has advocated a total overhaul of the Quranic education (Almajiri) education system to meet modern realities.  Kakale-Shuni made the call while speaking at a stakeholders meeting and presentation of proposed document on Monday in Sokoto. He said that there was the need for stakeholders’ commitment in the struggle, noting that “Almajiri” pupils were members of Nigerian communities that deserved maximum attention. He regretted that neglect, poor attention and improper recognition had endangered the lives of the pupils with negative effects on security, education, economic and health systems in the country. ”My prepared document is targeted at Recognition, Reform and Mainstreaming (RRM) of the ‘Almajiri’ system of education; there is the need to sanitise it toward optimal productivity. ”I am in contact with federal lawmakers from different parts of Nigeria. I have also met relevant education agencies and departments, state legislators and other stakeholders. “There is need to categorise ‘Almajiri’ pupils coming from their parents houses on daily bases, those hosted in a Tsangaya schools and those transported from various towns and states,” Kakale-Shuni said. According to him, some schools have awarded skill training certificates to students who undertook skill acquisition trainings on different trades besides the Quranic education, so as to have better opportunities in life. ”I am pushing for the Federal Government to recognise the system and allocate funds so as to improve it. ”UBEC laws need to be repealed to capture ‘Almajiri’ education, just as the nomadic and girl-child education were considered,” he said. Kakale-Shuni regretted that even states with Arabic and Islamic boards had not considered “Almajiri” system directly in their activities, and called for a change. He called on participants to study the document and forward their contributions in order to present a good document that would transform the system to better. Earlier, Alhaji Umar Altine, the Executive Secretary, Sokoto State Arabic and Islamic Education Board, had described Kakale-Shuni’s moves as timely and relevant. Altine said that board laws needed to be repealed with provisions of direct dealings on ‘Almajiri’ systems, and assured stakeholders of maximum support to the initiative. It was reported that Kakale-Shuni presented a sample of proposed “Almajiri” school skill training certificate to be issued to students after graduation. It was also reported that the event witnessed presentations from Alhaji Nafi’u Basakkwace, Special Adviser to Gov. Aminu Tambuwal on Skill Acquisition, Chairman of Sokoto Zakkat and Endowment Commission, Alhaji Lawal Maidoki, and many Islamic Scholars.