Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has described the death of Pa Ayo Fasanmi, a prominent leader of Pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, as a great loss to Nigeria and the Yoruba nation.  Adams, in a statement by his Media Aide, Kehinde Aderemi, on Thursday in Lagos, said that the Yoruba nation had lost one of her strong voices. The Aare said the death of the late Fasanmi had created a big vacuum among great leaders of Yoruba race. “With the exit of the late Pa Ayo Fasanmi, we have lost one of our finest personalities. The death of the Yoruba leader was a great loss to Nigeria and the Yoruba race in particular. “Baba was a great man with exemplary character. He was so devoted to the cause of our race, and he stood firm during the dark era of the military. “Pa Fasanmi, in his time, loomed larger than that of his peers. He was an epitome of humility, selflessness and integrity. “He was a strong voice of our race during the Second Republic when he served as a Senator and House of Representatives at different times,” Adams said. According to him, there is no doubt that the Yoruba nation will sorely miss his radical approach to issues. He added that late Pa Fasanmi was an Awoist that impacted his generation. “He was among the core loyalists of the late Chief Obafemi Awolowo that was reputed to be a strong voice, and a symbol of courage. “For instance, during the old Western Nigeria,the late Pa Fasanmi served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Old Western Nigeria Housing Corporation” “He made enviable and remarkable contributions to his profession, to the socio-political development of Yorubaland, and to the nation at large,” the Aare said. Adams, who noted that the late Pa Fasanmi lived a worthy life, prayed God to give the family and the Yoruba nation the fortitude to bear the loss. It was reported that late Fasanmi was once the National President of the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, elected into the Senate in 1979, and became a member of the House of Representatives in 1983. He died on Wednesday night in Osogbo, Osun State, aged 94.