Nigerian songwriter and rapper, Adefolajimi Adelagan, popularly known as K Buzz, also has a story to share after recovering from Covid-19. While still thanking God for good health, the United Kingdom-born artiste has released a single, ‘HennyTing Goes,’ featuring Zlatan Ibile. His lines are so effectively connected like the lines of a master poet which he is. He has written over 200 poem. “I started writing poetry at a very young age,” he said. “I remembered when I was in primary school. I wrote a poem that was published in a book. I have written lots of poem, and I digressed into music,” he reveals. For K Buzz, it is about talent, balance with great passion, and creativity for music. Most of his lines in HennyTing Goes come extemporized and the sync fittingly to the moment. “From a young age, music has always been a passion,” he said. “As the saying goes music is the food for the soul. I grew up listening to the likes of Fela, Bob Marley, 2Pac, Biggy. There is a quote from Bob Marley that I hold close to myself; ‘when music hits you, you feel no pain’. Music is like a therapy. My passion for music is so deep, it is something that makes me happy, I am able to use music to express myself, and tell my story. For me, fusing genres is like creating magic. I love producing something nobody has done before. I always give listener heartfelt music,” he noted. The Engineering graduate of Kingston University, UK whose ability expresses values, family, love and integrity through music uses Afro Love to promote black love which is important in the black community. Produced by BluBlood, the foundation for HennyTing Goes were laid through K Buzz’s interest in the viral Shaku and Zanku dances; the finished product of HennyTing Goes is positivity, encouraging listeners to ‘dance as you like, do as you like, live your life to the fullest’. The song, Afro Love, K Buzz seems to be telling his fans that is time for good music. Inspired by a love story. Afro Love is “about a young guy, and a young girl in the summer time they fall for each other. The song reveals what is happening in the society in terms of relationship. The love story ends with both parties falling in love with each other,” he disclosed. His plan is to continue his music while touring around the world, and crafting songs that will stand the test of time. With a never ending resilience, he hopes his unique melodic creativity will give him the opportunity to serve as the United Kingdom biggest fusion artiste. He wants his music to spread throughout the globe. He has performed in several venues in Lagos and UK, and working with producers in Nigeria, UK, Los Angeles, K Buzz brings his unique fusion music to a global stage. Projecting soulful values around the world. He draws creative inspirations his Nigerian roots. No doubt, K Buzz is destined for greatness. Having survived the dreaded Coronavirus (COVID – 19) that have killed millions of people around the world. He is alive today to tell the story. “At the time I had the illness I did not know it was COVID – 19,” he said. “The reason is in England the National Health Service (NHS) gave information, and symptoms of the virus. I did not experience any of such symptoms that is related to what NHS told gave out. What I experienced was quite different.”