As world continue to battle  with the the pandemic, coronavirus, it has ruptured the world’s way of life, and the beloved sport of football has not been exempted. Slowly but surely though, the light at the end of the figurative tunnel is slowly coming to the fore as earlier today; reliable reports filtered through that a provisional date of June 13 for the restart of the Italian Serie A has been set. It’s been exactly two months since the major European leagues were forced to come to a temporary halt after the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic worsened transforming human lives to mere numbers on a data. The Italian league has been suspended since March due to the coronavirus pandemic, with Italy one of the nations hardest hit by the outbreak. As of Sunday more than 197,000 cases of the disease have been reported nationwide, with more than 26,000 lives lost. Reported infections have begun to slow in recent weeks, however, due to strict quarantine measures and the Italian prime minister Giuseppe Conte has given the top flight the all-clear to resume activities under strict social distancing guidelines. The Italian league isn’t the only European league continuing where they left off amid the pandemic though. The German Bundesliga is billed to be the first European league to restart amid the pandemic as football activities is billed to kick off this weekend for the first time since March 11, the Portuguese league is billed to restart on June 4 and the spanish la liga teams have begun training with a final date yet to be set. It’s becoming increasingly clear that it’s simply a matter of time before all European leagues football activities recommences, except the French leagues ofcourse after all football activities were cancelled by the government with PSG announced as winners. Strict social distancing guidelines will be certainly employed and the absence of fans in stadiums is also a major possibility but a general consensus is that football fans all over the world would take that condition as long as the beloved round leathered game is back live on TV screens.