The Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) says it’s worried over non-compliance with the guidelines on physical distancing aimed at curbing the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) by privately-owned public bus operators.  Mr Olajide Oduyoye, General Manager, LASTMA, told our reporter on Wednesday, that only tricycle operators were heeding the government’s social distancing directive in public transport to curb the virus’ spread. Oduyoye, who also lamented the flagrant disregard of commuters to physical distancing directives at bus stops, said that some commuters were found to be equally defending drivers who carried the required number of passengers. According to him, the authority observed that some commercial motorcyclists are also operating inspite of the ban on their operations across the state. “The awareness has increased but the non-compliance by privately owned public bus service operators is worrying. “Okada operators are also being sneaky inspite of a total ban on their activities.We have confirmed reports of operations in areas like Egbeda, Apapa and Itire axis. “So far, it is the Keke Marwa operators who appear to be supportive and carrying the maximum two passengers allowed. We pray they keep it up,” the LASTMA boss said. Oduyoye said that the enforcement agencies were aware of the flagrant disobedience to law and order, meant for the safety of the society and would address it. He said that the major concern on was the willingness of commuters to violate the required distance from each other either at the various bus stops or on the buses. According to him, commuters seem either not to care for themselves or are unaware of the seriousness of the virus. “It’s amazing that instead of fighting to maintain a distance from persons they know nothing about, they are ready to fight and argue that danfo should be allowed to carry three passengers per row. “This is in addition to the already tight row arrangement existing in these buses, which makes one wonder how full-grown persons manage to fit their legs into these buses. “The distance between passengers seated between one row and the front is less than 12 inches. “If any of the seated passengers behind without face masks coughs, there’s no where to run. It is so worrying,” Oduyoye said. He urged transport operators and commuters to cooperate with the government for everyone to stay alive. Oduyoye said that the authority would not relent in its enforcement drive, to curb the spread of the virus which had infected 2950 persons and killed 98 people in the country. Recall that President Muhammadu Buhari had announced gradual easing of the lockdown of Lagos, Ogun and Abuja, from Monday after five weeks lockdown to contain the spread of COVID-19. The Lagos State Government consequently issued new transport operational guidelines, which include observance of physical distance in vehicles, compulsory use of face masks and others to prevent spread of the virus.