The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has urged Muslims and all Nigerians to fully imbibe the virtues of Eid-el-fitri.  Mr Ayuba Wabba, NLC President said this in a statement on Friday to mark the 2020 Eid-el-fitri celebration. According to Wabba, the Nigeria Labour Congress joins millions of our compatriots of the Muslim ummah to celebrate this year’s Eid-el-fitri. “We congratulate all Muslim workers and indeed the Nigerian Muslims community for successfully concluding the observance of the holy month of Ramadan. “The restrictions and inconveniences imposed by the novel coronavirus has made the observation of this year’s Ramadan far more tasking and indeed more spiritually rewarding for all Muslims. “Your perseverance through the fasting period is a shining embodiment of the spirit of Eid. “Eid-el-fitri is a very significant event in the life of every Muslim, chiefly because of the virtues it exemplifies. “Eid-el-fitri teaches dedication, discipline, diligence, love and sharing. It is also a time of stock taking as Muslims use the period of the Ramadan fasting to take an objective assessment of their areas of strength and weakness,” he said. The NLC president noted that strengths were consolidated while the weaknesses were strengthened. Wabba, therefore, said that the Eid-el-fitri reinforced the lessons of COVID-19. According to him, the need to love and to share has never been as profoundly communicated as during the current global fight against Coronavirus. He added that there was no better time to share with those who did not have especially the destitute in our midst. “This year’s Eid-el-fitri also echoes the message of hope which inspires all of us that though the night of COVID-19 might be long but the rays of the dawn of Allah’s benevolent mercies will soon arrive to compensate for all the current troubles. “We can only keep faith alive, while we urge every Nigerian Muslim and all citizens to fully imbibe the virtues of Eid-el-fitri, ” he said. Wabba said that Nigerian workers had demonstrated a strong affinity to the values of Eid-el-fitri by soldiering-on in self-denial, dedication, and diligence as frontline workers against COVID-19 pandemic. He also said that government at all levels and employers could make workers’ load lighter by ensuring the security of jobs, income and livelihood. “The Ramadan Holiday is not the time to arbitrarily cut down the salaries of workers or deny workers’ their means of livelihood. “It is also important to stress that we must all rise to the existential challenges thrown up by the coronavirus pandemic. “We must take personal responsibilities for our own health especially through abiding by extant public health regulations,” Wabba said. He said that the leadership of Congress appreciated all Muslims for praying for Nigeria during the Ramadan, especially in the face of the deadly novel coronavirus disease. He added that, as we navigate our way through the COVID-19 cauldron, we urge all Nigerians to intensify prayers for national peace and safety. “We all must also renew our commitment to contributing our quota to ensure a stable, inclusive and resilient Nigerian society. “It is our prayer that by next year’s Eid, the troubles of the current pandemic would have paled into history, in sha Allah (SWT). Once again, we extend our best wishes for a most rewarding Eid-el-fitri. “May Allah’s blessings be multiplied on us and may our supplications and other prayers during this holy month of Ramadan bring an end to the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria and all over the world,” he said.