Six bills on Friday scaled through second reading at the floor of the Ogun House of Assembly.  The bills included Ogun State Official Order of Precedence of Public Officers and other Persons Law, 2019, State Mortgages and Foreclosure Law, 2019 and State Technical and Vocational Education Board (Amendment) Law, 2019. Others were the State Health Insurance Scheme (Amendment) Law, 2020, the State Public Health Law, 2020 and State Regulations Approval Law, 2020. It was reported that all the bills were deliberated upon by the lawmakers during plenary presided over by the Speaker, Olakunle Oluomo. The lawmakers took turns to examine the bills shortly after separate motions for the second reading of the bills were moved by Mrs Modupe Mujota (APM -Abeokuta North), Messers Damilola Soneye (APC -Obafemi Owode), Adeyemi Ademuyiwa (APC -Abeokuta South II) and Adegoke Adeyanju (APM -Yewa North 1). They were seconded by Solomon Osho (APC – Remo North), Sikiratu Ajibola (APM -Ipokia), Bolanle Ajayi (APM – Yewa South), Yusuf Amosun (APM -Ewekoro) and Olusola Adams (APC -Ijebu East) with the support of all other lawmakers through a voice vote. Opening debate on the State Official Order of Precedence of Public Officers Law, 2019, Mujota said the bill was meant to correct administrative errors by spelling out the order of protocols for political office holders in order to promote orderliness in governance. On the Mortgages and Foreclosure Law, 2019, the sponsor, Soneye argued that the bill would assist the people in accessing national mortgage funds and address housing deficit with benefit to the state in boosting its asset on land. In his lead debate on the State Technical and Vocational Education Board (Amendment) Law, Adeyemi posited that the legislative instrument would help revive state vocational institutions. “It will encourage apprenticeship with international standards in vocational training centres toward ensuring that the teeming youths become self-reliant in the technology-driven society,” he said. On the State Health Insurance Scheme (Amendment) Law, Adeyanju sought the need for the state to key into the Universal Health Coverage Scheme through unhindered access to basic healthcare by workers in the formal sector. Also, on the State Public Health Law, 2020, Adeyanju said it would serve as a legal framework for the people to operate in relation to public health system before, during and after any outbreak of diseases. The law, he added, would assign responsibilities to each stage of healthcare system on the mode of preventing, combating and planning against any outbreak, as well as avoidance of duplication of responsibilities by health workers. On the State Regulations Approval Law, 2020, Mujota stated that the bill was aimed at ensuring that regulations pass through the appropriate chain of authority before being approved. She added that delegated regulations to Ministries, Departments and Agencies of government were to be validated by the legislative arm in line with the principles of separation of powers. Responding, the Speaker lauded the lawmakers for their robust contributions to the six bills. Oluomo committed the six bills to the House Committees on Establishments and Service Matters, Lands and Housing, Education, Science and Technology as well as Health for further legislative actions.