The dust over who mounts the saddle of leadership at the troubled Lagos State Polytechnic (LASPOTECH), may have temporarily settled as news reaching The Patriot hinted that the Lagos State Government has appointed Dr. Adegoke Sikiru Adesoye as Acting Rector for the institution as the tenure of the embattled outgoing Rector, Mr. Olayinka Sogunro expires on May 30th 2020. Dr. Adegoke Adesoye was until his appointment, Deputy Rector (Administration) of the institution, a position he has held since 2019. Adegoke, who joined the teaching staff of the polytechnic in 2008 at the Department of Computer Engineering rose to become a Chief Lecturer in 2017 after completing his Doctorate degree from the University of Leicester in the UK. The Patriot reliably gathered that his choice for the position of Acting Rector was taken today at official circles of the Lagos State Government. The source stated that Dr. Adegoke Sikiru would function in acting capacity for the next three months pending the outcome of the Visitation Panel report on the troubled state of the institution as well as the constitution of the institution’s Governing Council. Many among those interviewed at the breaking of the news believed that Dr. Adegoke may have been chosen to act as the Rector since his position as Deputy Rector (Administration) still subsists as against that of Mr. Olumide Metilolu (Deputy Rector, Academics) whose tenure expires alongside that of the Mr. Olayinka Sogunro. The race for the position of the Rector is being keenly contested with about 25 applicants both from within and outside the institution with about 7 candidates now shortlisted including Dr. Adegoke. Lagos State Polytechnic (LAPOTECH) has been roiled by leadership crisis for some time now in a confrontation that pitched the unions (both academic and non-academic) against the school management and the Government. For many, it remains to be seen how Dr. Adegoke will fair in the coming months and what new things he hopes to bring to the table having been a part of the current embattled administration.