Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has restated his administration’s commitment to restructuring public service to refocus and revitalise the sector for effective and efficient service delivery.  Sule made this known in Lafia on Friday in a state broadcast to mark his one year in office. According to him, the administration is committed to providing the public service with all the necessary infrastructure that will place it on the right pedestal for enhanced efficiency and productivity. Sule said his administration had streamlined Ministries, Departments and Agencies in the state for better service delivery upon assumption of office. He said his administration would continue to upgrade physical infrastructure. This include road network, upliftment of educational standard, improving agriculture, upgrading health sector and market facilities as well as other social services to fulfil his campaign promises. On security, Sule said he understood the bedrock for harmonious co-existence and socio-economic development of the society depended heavily on security, hence he visited Benue State to resolve border crises. “Let me reiterate that our development partners can only key into the state’s development agenda in an atmosphere of peace. “As such, we met severally with the different ethnic groups in the state. “It is for this reason that approval has been granted for the establishment of Military Super Camps at Kenyehu and Udege in Toto and Nasarawa Local Government Areas, respectively. “This is in order to reduce the upsurge of criminal elements in the state,” he said. Sule noted that significant improvement has been made in the health sector. He said this included expansion of Dalhatu Araf Specialist Hospital to facilitate seamless transition to teaching hospital and construction and equipping of School of Nursing and Midwifery, among others. “We have already committed resources to the completion of the Centre for Infectious Disease Control located at the Dalhatu Araf Specialist Hospital (DASH), Lafia,” he said. The governor said that he recently signed an agreement with the Lower Benue River Basin Development Authority to access 500 hectares of land in Doma and other Local Government Areas for the production of rice and other crops in the state. He added that the agreement was intended to provide employment opportunity for youths, as well as cushioning the post-COVID-19 hardship in the state. He gave an assurance of his administration’s resolve to serve the people diligently and selflessly through deliberate policies and execution of programmes that would bring development to every nook and cranny of the state.