A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mallam Saliu Mustapha, has called for prayers by Muslims for an end to the prevailing global challenges.  Mustapha made the call in a statement issued on Saturday in Ilorin while felicitating with Muslims on the successful completion of the Ramadan fast. The former APC gubernatorial aspirant in Kwara urged Muslims to allow the lessons of the period to continue to reflect in their dealings. According to him, only total submission to the will of Allah could end the challenges bedeviling the world. The initiator of the Saliu Mustapha Foundation admonished Muslim faithful never to return to sinful ways after the holy month. He also admonished wealthy individuals to always give charity to the poor in their neighborhood to alleviate their sufferings. The APC stalwart said that the call for the rich to deploy their wealth for the purpose of providing succor for the poor became necessary in the face of the untold hardship unleashed by the COVID-19 pandemic ravaging the country. “Let me also call on Muslim Ummah to strengthen their worship in Allah, repent from sins and sustain the lessons of piety, patriotism and generosity learnt during the Ramadan period. “We thank Almighty Allah for sparing our lives, especially Muslims to be counted among the living souls that completed this year’s Ramadan. “This is a challenging time for all of us, let us assist the needy around us, pray for our leaders and be patriotic Nigerians. “Our leaders presently need our support and prayers, I will urge you all to support the Muhammadu Buhari-led administration in the task of building a better Nigeria. “Let us support all government’s policies and adhere strictly to all government’s guidelines in containing the spread of coronavirus pandemic. “I congratulate Muslims in Nigeria, particularly those in Kwara, the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari and the Council of Ulamas in Kwara. “I greet our Islamic teachers that provided insightful sermons for us during the period and the entire people of Ilorin Emirate on the successful conclusion of the Ramadan fast,” Mustapha said.