The management of University of Ilorin says it has taken delivery of multi-million naira Science, Engineering and Technology equipment from the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND).  The university made this known in its bulletin issued on Monday, saying that this would further boost the institution’s quest for consistent high quality service delivery in the realm of teaching, learning and research. It stated that the institution Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Sulyman Abdulkareem, expressed the management appreciation to all concerned stakeholders for considering the university to be beneficiary of the intervention. The publication said that the equipment, which were part of a TETFUND Intervention Project in Special Science, Engineering and Technology (SET), were supplied in two installments. It said that the intervention was expected to boost teaching and learning in the Faculties of Engineering and the Sciences in the institution. “The installation of the equipment, numbering about 55, would be undertaken by Skill-G Nigeria Ltd. very soon to ensure that the facilities are put to use without further delay,” it said. According to the bulletin, the facilities will be useful in the fields of Autotronics, Electrical Electronic Communications, Mechatronics as well as Refrigeration and Air-conditioning. It also quoted Dr Jacob Aweda of the Department of Mechanical Engineering, as saying that several Departments such as Physics, Telecommunication Science and Computer Science, Agricultural Engineering and Educational Technology are bound to benefit from the equipment. “It will expose their students to the latest information in their respective fields of study. “The equipment will no doubt assist students in learning and retention in the course of their training as well as encourage them in the pursuit of entrepreneurship before and after their graduation,” Aweda said in the publication. Aweda commended the National Universities Commission (NUC), the Tertiary Education Fund and the Skill-G Nigeria Ltd. for the various roles they played in ensuring that the Federal Government considered the university as beneficiary. He assured the university management that everyone involved would not only be properly trained on how best to utilise the equipment, but empowered in such a way that the facilities would stand the test of time.