Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara has commended people of the state for complying with the 8p.m. to 6a.m. curfew imposed on them aimed at preventing the spread of coronavirus in the state.  Mr Jamilu Iliyasu, the Press Secretary to the governor, said this in a statement he made available to newsmen in Gusau on Monday. Iliyasu said that the governor had gone round the state capital between 9p.m. and 6a.m.,to inspect the level of compliance. He said that it was then the governor observed that there was total compliance. He said the inspection was also aimed at giving the governor first-hand information on how efficient the security agents were carrying out their duties. He said that the governor was convinced that the security personnel deployed in the state capital were performing their assignments diligently. Iliyasu said that the governor promised that his administration would do everything possible to curtail the spread of COVID -19 in the state. The spokesman said that the governor would achieve this by enforcing all necessary measures to prevent the spread of the scourge, especially, through community transmission. Iliyasu said, “The governor also reaffirmed the enforcement of the 8p.m. to 6a.m. curfew imposed on the state with an additional measure taken on Kaura Namoda town and environs from 6p.m. to 6a.m. daily.” It was reported that areas visited by the governor include Tudun wada Area, Lalan roundabout, Gusau City Centre, and Gada Biyu Area. The governor was accompanied by the Commissioner of Police, CP Usman Nagaggo, who is also the Chairman of the state’s Task Force on Lockdown order. Others are: the Brigade Commander of 1Brigade of the Nigerian Army, Gusau; the State Director of Security Service and the State Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). It would be recalled that last week, the state government ordered the closure of all markets as well as suspended congregational prayers in mosques and churches across the state for one week. This was part of additional measures put in place to curtail the spread of COVID-19 in the state.