Sen. Umaru Al-Makura (APC, Nasarawa South Senatorial Zone) says the newly-appointed Chief of Staff (CoS) to President Muhammadu Buhari, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari, will be highly resourceful to the President and Nigeria.  Al-Makura made this known in an interview with newsmen in Lafia on Monday. He noted that Gambari had an impressive portfolio of public service in and out of Nigeria. Al-Makura congratulated Buhari for the choice and described Gambari as a perfect replacement for his predecessor, Late Malam Abba Kyari, who died recently due to coronavirus complications. He explained that Gambari would bring to bear his vast experience in diplomacy and public service among other exploits to assist the President fulfil his political promises and change the lives of millions of Nigerians for good. “His appointment has given every Nigerian who knows him a great sense of hope because this is a man who wears different caps that this country at this particular time needs. “He is a scholar, a diplomat, a peacemaker and most importantly, he is a highly resourceful person. “Somebody who is vastly experienced and who has seen it all from the local environment in Nigeria to the international level. “To get someone that is so versatile at this point in time to be part of the decision making mechanism for this country makes everyone happy and with great hope that the leadership of this country now has added value,” Al-Makura said. The lawmaker, however, frowned at Nigerians who criticised the appointment due to the age of the appointee. “I think his response indicating that his loyalty is to Mr President couldn’t be a better statement than that because the office of the CoS is not a creation of the constitution but the discretion of Mr President. “Mr President in his own wisdom gave the position to someone he is very comfortable with and who will be totally dedicated and loyal to him. “I believe the pedigree, records and antecedents this man has accumulated over time is not something one can generate within a youthful age. “I think that is the right age for the occupant of that office; so he can bring to bear all his experiences to add value to the governance of this country,” he said. Al-Makura urged all other political leaders in the country to emulate the president by overlooking sentiments and engage competent and vastly experienced Nigerians who could make useful and positive contributions that would help their principals activate their goals.