A Nigerian financial service technology company, OPay says it has donated 40,000 medical face masks to the Lagos State Government to curb the spread of Coronavirus.  A statement issued in Lagos on Monday by Opay Committee on Safety, said that the company donated the masks to assist and support Nigerians and the Government in eliminating pandemic through curbing community transmission. “As part of its #DoMore initiative, OPay made a donation of 40,000 medical face masks to the Lagos State Government, with a commitment to donate another 200,000 face masks to needed entities in the coming weeks. “The presentation of the face masks was made on Wednesday, April 29, 2019, at the Lagos State Warehouse facility in Lekki, Lagos,” the company’s Director of Partnership, Mr Oladipo Omogbenigun, is quoted as saying in the statement. Omogbenigun also said that the fight against Corona Virus should be collective and urged Nigerians to take proper precautions. “The fight against the spread of COVID-19 in Nigeria should be a collective effort. That is why OPay is proudly supporting the Lagos State Government’s initiatives. We hope to continue in a similar fashion,” he said. Also, OPay Nigeria’s Country Manager, Iniabasi Akpan, said that the company was firmly committed to Nigeria and was conscious of the fact that its growth and success was intertwined with that of Nigerians. “As a leading mobile money platform in Nigeria, we will mobilise our resources to help in overcoming the COVID-19 virus in Nigeria and the threat it poses to the health and economic wellbeing of Nigerians who are well known as a resilient people. “The donation is just one of OPay’s list of Corporate Social Responsibility efforts happening in the coming weeks. OPay will utilise its international network, its finance and its digital and agent platforms, to contribute to the anti-pandemic efforts. “In other efforts to support the fight against the spread of COVID-19, OPay has dedicated a section of their app to deliver facts, safety and prevention tips to its 5 million-plus registered app users in addition to real-time updates,” he said. The Commissioner for Transport, Dr Fedrick Oladehinde, according to the statement, received the face masks on behalf of the Lagos State Government and commended Opay for the initiative, saying it was coming at the right time. “On behalf of the Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, we would like to thank OPay for their donation,” the Commissioner said. It was reported that OPay is a mobile money (MMO) and financial technology platform in Nigeria with a network of 300,000 agents, five million registered app users and an ever-increasing range of financial and related services for Nigerians.