Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) says it will follow the guidelines laid down by the Lagos State Government as its workers resume duties on May 4.  Mr Godwin Idemudia, General Manager, Corporate Communications, EKEDC, told our reporter in Lagos on Sunday that the safety of staff and customers remained a priority to the Distribution Company (DisCo). It was reported that the Federal Government and the Lagos State Government have agreed on a phased reopening of business activities from May 4 following weeks of lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Idemudia said: “We have asked the standing EKEDC COVID-19 Taskforce Committee to swing into action immediately on resumption plans. “Firstly, because we are a customer-centric organisation, we were not shut down from beginning but working from home for some of our staff. “For Monday, the status quo remains. The safety of our staff and that of the public is very important to us. About 60 per cent of our staff will be on duty. “We know because of the lockdown, there is the tendency for all that have been home to come out same time, especially those who earn their living on daily basis. “To reduce contact with those who might have been infected and do not know their status, we are following the laid-down Lagos State guidelines on resumption to be proactive too.” According to him, EKEDC’s payment platforms and some of its cash offices will be open to allow the DisCo’s collecting partners be on ground to assist customers who want to pay their bills. He explained that all EKEDC’s online payment platforms were still open and fully activated to encourage customers to stay at home to contain the spread of the disease. Idemudia said: “We are also set to clear faults and provide the much desired electricity to our esteemed customers. We have since been ready to provide comfort for our customers. “However, we want to use this opportunity to plead with our customers not to harass our staff when they see them. “The company will not tolerate any assault of any type on our staff as we will use the full arm of the law to seek redress.”