Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun on Thursday announced three-day extension of the total lockdown as well as dusk-to-dawn curfew to contain the spread of coronavirus in the state.  Oyetola, in a broadcast on Thursday in Osogbo, said the lockdown extension took effect from midnight of Thursday till Sunday. It was reported that the governor had on April 14 in a broadcast announced 14-day lockdown extension to combat the spread of the virus in the state. The 14-day lockdown expired on midnight of Thursday. Oyetola on March 29, announced the first 14-day lockdown in the state, which expired on on April 14. The governor said that effective from May 4, there would be partial lockdown between 6a.m. and 5p.m. from Monday till Thursday for businesses and government activities to run. However, there would be total lockdown down from 6p.m. on Thursday to Sunday. The governor also said that movement of vehicles and persons was outlawed during the period of the curfew, except for verified medical emergency cases and those on essential duties. He said that the ban on public, religious, political and educational gatherings remains in force, while all major markets would remain shut. The governor also said that inter-state travels were forbidden, adding that the state’s boundaries remained closed. He said there would not be vehicular and human movement into and out of the state, except trucks carrying medicals, beverages, foods, petroleum, construction and agriculture supplies. The governor added that such trucks would not carry more than three persons. Oyetola also said that intra-city commercial transportation would be permitted to work from Monday to Thursday every week from 6a.m. to 5p.m, with adherence to strict social distancing directives. “Commercial vehicles, that is buses and taxis, shall carry two passengers per row with each passenger sitting at the extreme end of the vehicle. “While commercial motorcycles (Okada) shall carry one passenger, tricycles shall carry not more than 2 passengers and no passenger in front,” he said. Oyetola said anyone caught violating the directives would be prosecuted in accordance with the laws of the state. The governor also directed civil servants on grade level 12 and above, administrative officers, irrespective of their grade level, essential service providers as well as those whose services may be required by the accounting officers to resume to work from Monday to Thursday at the usual working hours. Oyetola commended security personnel, health workers, religious leaders, pressmen, road transporters, market women and food and relief committee for their efforts towards containing the virus in the state. “We must restate that COVID-19 is real and we have resolved to do our best to avoid loss of any more lives to the virus. “It is this conviction that has informed our government’s strategic response to this pandemic so far,” the governor said. It was reported that the state has so far recorded 34 cases of COVID-19 as confirmed by NCDC, 18 were treated and discharged, while two died.