The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has condoled with the Oluwa family of Lagos over the demise of retired Justice Isiaka Oluwa.  Tinubu, in a tribute on Saturday in Lagos, said Late Justice Oluwa was one of Nigeria’s foremost jurists. He urged Lagos State Government to sustain his legacies in the state, particularly in the judiciary. It was reported that Oluwa, a retired judge of the High Court of Lagos State, died on Saturday at the age of 102. The APC leader described the jurist as a man of principle who remained true to his convictions throughout his life. According to Tinubu, “Justice Oluwa was an impartial and highly disciplined jurist. “Where others may have lost their beacon, he remained a shining example for the legal profession. “Where others may have gone silent, Justice Oluwa stood up, fought and was counted for the cause of Lagos State,” he said. The former governor said Oluwa made vital contributions to not only the state judiciary but also in other spheres of life. “As Pro-Chancellor of Lagos State University and Chairman of the Governing Board, he worked assiduously for the advancement of education in the state. “Justice Oluwa stood, always, for what was right and he eschewed the bad and immoral practices that would have tempted a weaker and less honourable man. “From humble beginnings, Justice Oluwa rose through hard work to the pinnacle of the legal profession. “He distinguished himself at every stage of his meteoric rise through the ranks of the profession,” Tinubu said The APC leader noted that Oluwa’s reputation for fairness and incorruptibility led to his being assigned some of the most high-profile and difficult cases ever to come before a Nigerian court. He said the late jurist was always ready to prove himself up to the task. “Many of his landmark judgments became judicial precedents that have shaped many other judgements. “As all good judges, he based his decisions entirely on the available evidence and full application of the law. Tinubu, citing a case that demonstrated the late jurist excellent judicial qualities was between the State and Lagos socialite, Jimoh Ishola alias Ejigbadero, in the murder of a farmer, Raji Oba, at Alimosho, Lagos in 1975. According to Tinubu, “Justice Oluwa delivered his judgement courageously and dispassionately. “His legacies as a judge will be celebrated by present and future generations of legal luminaries for many years to come. “His example taught those that came after not to allow sentiment, fame or fortune becloud their judgment. “He refused to pervert the course of justice and always followed the law without fear or favour. “His many achievements on the bench and in retirement stood as testament to his supreme character, integrity, courage, and dedication to the protection of the common man and the advancement of the Nigerian state,” he said Tinubu also added that the late jurist was a pillar of his community. He said Oluwa was a good counsel for later generations of legal scholars and political leaders including himself. “He was a good ambassador for Nigeria, fearless and never compromised on his beliefs,” he said Tinubu, while commiserating with Oluwa’s family, said that he would surely be missed by all. “My deepest sympathy and condolences to his loving family, friends, acquaintances and professional colleagues. “I commiserate with Gov. Babajide Sanwo-olu, the government and people of Lagos State for they have lost an illustrious man. “I hope and pray that they sustain his legacies in the state, particularly in the judiciary. “May the wonderful soul of Justice Oluwa find rest in the bosom of the Almighty, Amen,” he said.