The Oyo State House of Assembly on Thursday, held a commemorative valedictory sitting for Late Kehinde Ayoola, the state’s Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources.  It was reported that Ayoola, also a former speaker of the Oyo state fourth assembly, died on May 14, after a brief illness. Speaking during the session, Speaker of the house, Mr. Adebo Ogundoyin said that man was born to undertake some missions on earth and fulfil certain obligations. “The demise of Ayoola is no doubt, painful but we take solace in the fact that he contributed immensely to the success of the administration of Gov. Seyi Makinde. “He was a cynosure of all eyes, a goal getter, resolute and patriotic in his approach to issues. He worked with great determination. Any time he set his hand on the plough, he worked until he succeeded. “I learnt that while he was the Speaker of this August Assembly, he gave purposeful leadership. He was a quintessential and intelligent leader. He was a strong disciple of the late Sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. “Even his dressing then was fashioned after the late sage. Ayoola had within him, the capacity to manifest and attract dedicated workers to achieve set objectives, no wonder he served as the Assistant Director-General of Gov. Makinde Campaign Team and we are all testimonies of the victory attained. “In view of his pedigree he was appointed as the Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources. “As soon as he assumed office, he puts in place policies to ensure clean and safe environment in the state. “He was not an arm chair politician, he participated actively in implementing government policies on environmental matters. He was an exemplary politician with core values and wisdom. “In my interaction with him, I saw in him, a man that sets goals before undertaking any venture. The goals then served as engine that drive the wheel to achievement. “Ayoola was amiable, humorous, simple and accommodating company. Adieu a great leader and irreplaceable ally. Rest in peace till we meet to part no more,” he said. Emmanuel Adelowo, on behalf of the 4th assembly, said that today was not an enviable day, particularly for members of the Oyo State Fourth Assembly Forum (OSFAF). “We are the members of the House of Assembly who served Oyo State with Late Ayoola from 1999 to 2003. “This is one death too many to us in the fourth assembly forum. But we agree with the Almighty God. His decision remains final. “Late Ayoola was not just our colleague. We unanimously elected him our speaker in June 1999. On June 6, 1999, we started a legislative journey together with pomp and pageantry. “We never thought that, a dark day like this will becloud our joy very soon like this. We were certain that death would come one after the other,” he said.