Two Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SANs), Chief Olisa Agbakoba and Mr Femi Falana, are among personalities expected at the ‘Covinspiration Virtual Show’ to celebrate “June 12”.  It was reported that the show would be curated and moderated by Dayo Israel, Special Representative to the United Nations and British Council Global Change-maker. Israel, said in a statement on Saturday in Lagos, that the online show would hold from June 1 to June 12. “Among confirmed guests to be featured daily as individuals or panellist on the online conversations are Dr Hafsat Abiola, Bashorun Dele Momodu, Chief Olisa Agbakoba, Dr Femi Falana and Mr Lanre Suraj. “The list includes Messrs Wale Okunniyi, Kayode Ogundamisi, Kayode Opeifa, Sen. Babafemi Ojudu, Aare Gani Adams, Chief Frank Kokori, Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin and Dr Ayo Obe. “Other eminent individuals, who played critical roles in the June 12 struggle, are also expected to share their thoughts with the emerging leaders participating,’’ Israel said. According to him, the show is in line with the Federal Government’s declaration of June 12 as Democracy Day. It is a way of promoting the ideals of June 12 among Nigeria’s emerging leaders, he said. “This will help them to understand that June 12 is more than a holiday, but a celebration of the journey that led to the democracy we enjoy today. “The Covinspiration Show introduces the 12 Heroes and more of June 12 series, holding from June 1 to June 12, 2020. “The programme holds virtually on Instagram and Twitter (@dayoisrael), Facebook and YouTube (@officialdayoisrael) every evening.’’ Israel said the programme would afford the guests the opportunity of sharing their June 12 stories and experience with participants. He noted that the conversations would ignite a sense of patriotism and recreate history in the minds of young Nigerians. According to him, the programme will also look into the role that Lagos played in the June 12 Movement. It was reported that June 12 is annually celebrated in some states in Nigeria to commemorate the annulment of June 12 Presidential election. The election, presumed to have been won by Late Chief MKO Abiola, was annulled by the former military president, Ibrahim Babangida.