Sen. Yahaya Abdullahi, the Senate Leader, on Thursday distributed N12 million cash, 300 bags of rice and 1,200 clothing materials to members of his constituency as palliative.  Abdullahi (APC-Kebbi North) said the gesture was designed to cushion the effects of COVID-19 and ease Ramadan feeding. Presenting the money and other items to six local government chairmen in Bagudu, Bagudu Local Government Area, the lawmaker described the intervention as a palliative support to his constituents. Abdullahi, who was represented by his Personal Assistant in-charge of Domestic Affairs, Alhaji Sanusi Abubakar, pledged to identify with the people at all times. “It is my desire to ensure that everyone is supported in one way or the other,” he said. The lawmaker added that the gesture was meant to complement government efforts in curtailing the difficulties caused by COVID-19 pandemic. “The senate members are working hard by making laws that will reduce the suffering of the masses,” he said, assuring that they are putting efforts to ensure sanity on the current situation in the country. “As you can see here, this is the N12 million cash, 300 bags of rice as well as 1,200 clothing materials to be distributed to the six Local Government Areas under Kebbi North Senatorial District,” he said. The senate leader urged those saddled with the responsibility of distribution to ensure that the beneficiaries were vulnerable families in each of the communities. He assured that the disbursement of N40 million loan scheme initiated by him would be ongoing. “The ongoing Mallamawan Kebbi Farmers N40m Loan Scheme Programme initiated and introduced in collaboration with the NIRSAL MICROFINANCE BANK is ongoing across the six Local Governments under my constituency. “I want to urge the beneficiaries to work hard and use the opportunity to reduce over dependence on others and become self-employed. “Hundreds of farmer beneficiaries are drawn from across the six Local Government Areas of the constituency to enjoy the soft loans of N40 million to purchase farm tools and equipment. “It is also meant to ensure sufficient food production throughout the year to cushion the effect of the global food shortages occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic,” he added. NAN reports that the senate leader engaged the services of religious leaders, traditional institutions, political elite and other stakeholders to distribute the materials. Responding on behalf of the other six council chairmen, the Bagudo Local Government Chairman, Alhaji Mohammadu Kwara, appreciated the senator for the assistances, assuring that the items will be shared justly and accordingly. “You are a great politician who has the interest of his people at heart. You brought this good news to the Local Government Areas you are representing especially during this difficult time. “The items actually arrived at the times of need, people are very happy and praying for you and we will continue to pray for you to succeed,” he said.