The All Progressives Congress (APC) has charged its members in Bayelsa to play politics in accordance with the provisions of the electoral Act and to shun violence to make a difference.  Mai Mala Buni, Chairman APC Caretaker and Extra Ordinary National Convention Committee, gave the charge on Tuesday in Abuja while inaugurating the Reconciliation and Election Committee for Bayelsa Central and West Senatorial districts by-elections slated for Oct. 31. Our correspondent reports that the committee is chaired by Gov. Mohammad Yahaya of Gombe while Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, Deputy President of the Senate, will serve as its Vice Chairman. The committee has Ekemini Udoh as secretary with other members as: Sen. Abdullahi Sahabi, Sen. Ali Ndume, Sen. Uba Sani, Amb. Fatima Goni, Sen. Chris Adighije, Alhaji Yusuf Ocholi, Mr Enyi Enyi and Pearl Inwang. Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, said the assignment of the committee was to provide genuine reconciliation and give every party member in Bayelsa a true sense of belonging. He said members of the committee were carefully and deliberately selected for the assignments because the party had lots of confidence in their individual and collective capacities to execute the assignments successfully. “The party is confident that you will reconcile all aggrieved persons or groups, and deliver the two seats to APC and improve its fortune in the South-South and Nigeria. “You should, therefore, be just, fair, transparent and objective in executing your assignment. We should always place party interests over and above personal interests and carry everyone on board for us to succeed,’’ he said. He added that the party`s success in Bayelsa Central and West Senatorial districts’ by-elections was crucial and strategic because of the need to have more supporting hands in the National Assembly. This, he said, was necessary for improved collaboration and synergy with the President Muhammadu Buhari administration to successfully execute its policies and programmes to improve the lives of Nigerians. He said it had, however, become imperative for the APC as a leading political party in the country to build a virile, strong, vibrant and more united party. He added that retaining political power for long remained the surest way for the party to fully actualise its manifesto and improve the lives of Nigerians. “We must not allow the good foundation laid by the President Muhammadu Buhari administration to be wasted and for Nigeria to be taken back to the dark ages,’’ he said. He expressed confidence in members of the committee to deliver on their mandate, saying that as grassroots politicians and team players, they should work as a team and lend their experiences to promote team work. He said the Caretaker and Extraordinary National Convention Committee had been reconciling aggrieved party members and rebuilding people’s confidence, trust and hope since it was constituted. “Let me say with all sense of appreciation and fulfilment that the committee had in the last three months reconciled life threatening challenges for the party in 11 states across the country. “Today, we proudly parade political heavy weights such as the former Speaker of the House of Representatives Mr Yakubu Dogara, former PDP National chairman, Sen. Barnabas Gemade, and several members of the National Assembly. “Many others have also indicated interests to join the party; this was possible with the support the committee enjoyed from the stakeholders as we continue to move the party away from unnecessary wrangling, squabbles and disputes,“ he said. Gov. Yahaya while thanking the party`s leadership for the opportunity to serve, assured that the committee would deliver on its mandate.