The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted cloudy and sunny weather conditions from Thursday to Saturday across the nation.  NiMet’s weather outlook released on Wednesday in Abuja forecast cloudy skies with intervals of sunshine over northern region on Thursday morning. It said there were prospects of thunderstorm activities over southern Kaduna environs later in the day. The agency predicted north central region to have patches of clouds in the morning hours. “Pockets of thunderstorms are anticipated over the high ground areas of Abuja, Nassarawa, Jos and Kwara states during the afternoon and evening period. “The southern region of the country is expected to experience a few thunderstorms over places like Ibadan, Lagos, Bayelsa and Calabar in the morning. “The afternoon and evening period holds better prospects of thunderstorms over the southern region, especially over Oshogbo, Abeokuta, Benin, Asaba and Port-Harcourt environs, “ it said. The agency said sunny skies with patches of clouds were likely over the northern region in the morning hours of Friday. NiMet envisaged a few thunderstorms over Kebbi later in the afternoon and evening hours. The agency predicted north central region to be with cloudy skies during the morning hours. It said there were chances of thunderstorms over Jos, Abuja and Niger during the afternoon and evening periods. “The south western cities should be cloudy in the morning hours with prospects of thunderstorms over the south eastern and coastal cities in places like Enugu, Abakaliki, Obudu, Ikom, Calabar, Eket and Bayelsa. “Better prospects of thunderstorms are expected over the southern region especially over Akure, Abeokuta, Benin and Port-Harcourt during the afternoon and evening hours, “ it said. The agency forecast sunny skies over the northern region throughout the forecast period on Saturday. According to the agency, north central cities should be predominantly cloudy with slim chances of thunderstorms over Benue state in the morning hours. “During the afternoon and evening period, isolated thunderstorms are anticipated over the high ground areas of Jos, Niger, Abuja and Kwara. “Ekiti and Lagos are likely to experience thunderstorms in the morning hours. ‘Thunderstorms are anticipated over the inland and coastal cities of the south during the afternoon and evening hours, “ it said.