The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Lagos State chapter, has advised Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu to state clearly his compensations for the police officers who lost their lives during the #EndSARS protests.  The PDP, in a statement by its Publicity Secretary, Taofik Gani, on Friday said that such clarity would boost the morale of officers. Our correspondent reports that Sanwo-Olu has been on tour of different facilities and investments affected by the violence and arson that trailed the #EndSARS protests, including the police command in Ikeja. The governor had assured police of support and compensation for officers affected in the violence. Gani said PDP was not comfortable with Sanwo-Olu’s choice of not stating clearly his compensations for the officers who got injured or killed during the #EndSars protests when he visited the command. “The party opines that the governor’s compensations for the officers should have been announced clearly to reboost the morale of other officers. “The party has the example of Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, who gave N20 million to each of the families who lost their relatives. “The governor has appeared miserly, even when he has budgeted N1 trillion for the exercise,” the PDP spokesman said. Gani said that the governor ought to state his plans for children of police officers who lost their lives on the line of duty during the mayhem that trailed #EndSARS protests in Lagos. He added: “Similarly, the PDP has asked the governor to take responsibility for welfare of the children who have been directed to resume school on Monday. “The party opines that another week should have been allowed to perfectly restore orderliness in the state.” Gabi urged the governor to be more sensitive to the plights of the people. It was also reported that Sanwo-Olu had on Wednesday announced scholarship up to university level to children of policemen, who died in Lagos during the violence and also promised to compensate their families. He promised to build burnt police stations and give life insurance for officers when he visited the Command Headquarters in Ikeja to boost the morale of officers. It was reported that 29 Divisional Police Stations and 17 Police Posts were razed by hoodlums who hijacked the protests, while six police officers were lynched, 36 critically injured and 71 police operational vehicles were torched.