Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State on Tuesday met behind closed doors with President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja, where he presented a letter written by some EndSARS protesters to the president.  Speaking to State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, the governor disclosed that the president assured the youths that their letter was already receiving the needed attention. He said Lagos State Government had already started implementing two of the demands of the protesters as some arrested persons were already being released. The governor said: “I just had a brief meeting with Mr. President. The essence of the meeting is to pass on the clarion call of all our youths that are protesting in different parts of the country on the ENDSARS NOW. “Mr. President graciously accepted the letter that was given to me by the youths to personally deliver to him. He graciously received the letter and we went through it very, very briefly. “I explained to him all the things that we are doing. Earlier today, I also met with the IGP, who also shared the same sentiments regarding the various well thought demands by youths. “He has also assured me that later today that they will be making further pronouncements. Part of the take away for me is that all the governors are on the same page, we are having a governors’ forum meeting tomorrow. “The IG will be briefing us at that meeting and further clear directives and decisions will be taken by all the governors. “I can tell you and all our youths out there that Mr President has listened, your letter is documented, it has received attention and he has assured me that all of the things that you have said there he will see how he will begin to implement them almost immediately.’’ The governor stated that Lagos State Government had pushed ahead to implement parts of the demands put forward by the aggrieved youths. “And in partnership with the youth, we understand and we feel for them. They have spoken and spoken very well and we heard loud and clear, nationally and internationally. “So, I believe it has been a just cause, it’s a cause that is worth fighting for. We have made them realize that we have listened to them as their leaders and have taken up the pieces of all the lessons. “We have all learnt from it and we believe that not only will we see a better police reform, a better relationship between the government and the ones that are governed but we will begin to see a better relationship at all spheres of government going forward,’’ he said.