Justice Peter Affen of an FCT High Court has fixed Nov. 3 to hear a suit filed by an NGO against police permits to some persons to use tinted glasses on their vehicles.  The Prisons and Civil Rights Development Foundation, an NGO, filed the suit against the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu The suit with No. CV/1800/2020 filed by the foundation’s counsel, Mr Henry Ebu, alleged that the police is granting the permit to “every Tom, Dick and Harry. Ebu prayed the court to determine whether by the provision of the “Motor Vehicle Prohibition of Tinted Glass Act, CAP M21, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria (LFN 2004), citizens are allowed to use tinted glass without genuine reasons. The NGO is also asking the court to determine whether citizens are allowed to use and drive vehicle with tinted, shaded, opague or any glasses which disallowed others from seeing the occupants of the said vehicle. They further asked the court to determine whether by the provisions of Section 4 of the police Act, CAP P-19 and the duties provided thereof, the continuous and random issuance of tinted glass permit to motorist does not amount to a negation of primary duty of the police to safeguard life and properties. Specifically, the applicant sought five reliefs to justify the suit, said that such act of granting permit was capable of promoting crimes like kidnaping, robbery and other social vices. He said that, tinted glass permit could only be granted to people on health and security wise, adding that the police was doing the contrary by granting tinted glass permit to so many vehicles. He also prayed the court an order directing the police to published full pages of editorial in three newspapers to compel the 36 states and FCT Police commissioners to order motorist with factory fitted shades or dark glasses to remove it and replace them with transparent ones. The NGO also sought for an order directing the respondent (police) to pay the sum of N1 million as the cost of litigation, and a perpetual injunction, restraining the police, it agents from further granting tinted glass permit to motorist as it is causing anxiety in the mind of the pedestrian.