The Senate on Tuesday held a valedictory session in honour of late Sen. Rose Oko, who represented Cross-River North and died on March 23.  The valedictory session followed a motion by Senate Majority Leader, Abdullahi Yahaya (APC Kebbi -North), having moved for the suspension of Order 17 of the Senate rules to allow the family, dignitaries and other close relations of the deceased into the red chamber. Senators dressed in white and back attires took turns to pay glowing tributes to the late senator. First to pay tribute was Yahaya who moved the motion for the Senate to go into the valedictory session. Yahaya said the Senate could not hold the session earlier because of the COVID -19 Pandemic and the annual vacation of the National Assembly. Yahaya said late Senator Oko was a highly accomplished educationist, given her exemplary pedigree in the educational sector. While praying to God to grant her eternal rest, Yahaya said “Rose Oko was very knowledgeable, a dependable ally to me in our committee responsibility.” She will be remembered for her brilliance, Yahaya said. Sen. Enyinnaya Abaribe (PDP Abia), disclosed that late Oko was the fourth senator to have died since the inauguration of the ninth Senate. He said her demise was an opportunity for them to reflect on their mortality, saying that the late Senator was a gentle speaker who made great points in her presentations. Abaribe described her as a mother who would be missed by all, noting that her life was a life of celebration. Sen. Sabi Abdullahi (APC Niger), described her as simple and easy going, and a woman of peace. Abdullahi advocated the naming of the headquarters of the Diaspora Commission after her, given her steering contributions as Chairman of the Senate Committee on Diaspora and Non-Governmental Organisations (NGO) in the eighth Senate. For Sen. Oluremi Tinubu (APC Lagos), Rose Oko lived a very significant and robust life, saying that the late Oko was the pride of the Senate, a brave woman who came, saw and conquered. Tinubu described her as a great loss to humanity. Other senators who paid tributes and condoled with the family of the late senator include; In his tribute, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, expressed his condolences to the immediate family. He said the death of Sen. Oko was a loss to all, noting that she was productive and impacted positively in her state and national level, hence her life should be celebrated. He urged the living to be mindful of supporting her dreams, especially in the educational sector for development of the country. Lawan said late Oko was very committed to her responsibility in the Senate, hence everyone who interacted with her in different capacities gave a good testimony about her. He said her commitment to her senatorial district would continue to be a reference point to all. He urged the political elites to always come together despite party differences and do those things that would benefit the country in general. The senate president said that the Red chamber would continue to liaise with the family for the funeral slated for November. The Senate, thereafter, offered prayers for the late senator and observed a minute of silent. Other Senators who paid tribute to the late Senator Oko included Gershom Bassey, Bala Na’ Allah, Rochas Okorocha, Sam Egwu, Thompson Seikibo, Berty Apiafi, Abba Moro, Chris Ekpenyong, Stella Oduah, Theodore Orji, Kola Balogun, Uche Ekwunife, and Chukwuka Utazi. Our correspondent reports that dignitaries present at the valedictory session included Sen. Pius Anyim Pius, former President of Senate and Secretary to Government of the Federation, Sen. Liyel Imoke, former Governor of Cross-River State. Others are; Mr Peter Obi, former Governor of Anambra State, Pullen Tellen,Minister of Women Affairs, Goddy Agba, Minister of State (Power), among others.