Multinational Information Technology company, HP, says it has released a new range of devices and solutions adaptable to remote and flexible workspaces amid the new normal.  The IT company made this known in a statement made available to the our reporter in Lagos “One of the new products is the HP ProBook 635 Aero G7, equipped with the latest AMD Ryzen™ Mobile Processor for powerful performance and has connected modern standby to get users working in seconds. ”With a starting weight of under one kg and long battery life, it is designed to keep users productive around the home, in the office, or on-the-go,” said Andy Rhodes, HP Global Head of Commercial Personal Systems. He said that HP also introduced the HP ProBook 600 G8 and HP ProBook 400 G8 PC Series built for professionals at growing companies who move from desk to meeting room to home. Rhodes said that for users who need more power to keep up with serious workloads, HP unveiled new Elite and Pro desktops to meet the demands of a multi-task work-day with a choice of form factors. He said that other products released included HP EliteDesk 805 G6 Series PCs, HP ProDesk 405 G6 Series PCs, HP E24d and E27d Conferencing Monitors among others. “HP understands the complexity and challenges businesses face in today’s unpredictable climate and is bringing to market a new solution-oriented program providing peace of mind and ultimate productivity, “Rhodes said The tech company said that the COVID-19 pandemic had disrupted work environments around the world and it was clear that hybrid working environments were the new normal. According to HP, nearly half of business professionals are working remotely and the importance of productivity at home was clear, as people want faster PCs and faster internet for their organisations. It said that 60 per cent of organisations were finding ways to support more flexible work arrangements to provide the same level of support at home as users get in office. The company noted that at the same time, more than 40 percent of IT departments were prioritising built-in security on employee endpoint devices. “With workspaces at home becoming the status quo and businesses supporting their workforce both remotely and those back in the office, the PC is essential in these hybrid working environments. “We are making our most premium experiences more accessible with new laptops that offer greater mobility to work from anywhere, desktops that bring powerhouse performance to small workspaces, monitors that enable collaboration and support wellbeing,” he said.