Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) has urged Igbo politicians to reconcile their difference and forge a common front to achieve their goal of having a President of Igbo extraction come 2023.  The Chairman of CLO in Anambra, Mr Vincent Ezekwueme, made the call while speaking with our reporter in Enugu on Thursday. Ezekwueme suggested that there was need to appoint two revered, respected and selfless Igbo leaders, Dr Pius Ezeife and Prof. Ben Nwabueze, to begin in earnest processes toward reconciling warring Igbo leaders. According to him, this move will serve as a precondition and desideratum for actualising the most cherished but elusive Nigeria President of Igbo extraction. “I sincerely believe that reconciliation to pacify all aggrieved leaders and citizens is the first step toward rediscovery of our lost political power, honour, relevance and glory. “Whether right or wrong let us forgive one another in order to forge ahead and actualise Igbo presidency, which will only be possible through unity of purpose, tolerances and forgiveness. “Remarkably when we think about commerce, we think about profit. “When we think about politics, we think about people; hence, the inevitable need to aggressively mobilise, educate, influence and enlighten our people for active participation in the electoral process. “It is very unfortunate that South-East is not the least registered voters, but least in voting among the six geo-political zones in the country in every election. “We must change the ugly narrative by embracing and utilising what late Dr Chuba Okadigbo, former Senate President, ascribed as political arithmetic, sagacity and intelligence. “Igbo leaders must sheathe their sword, think about common good, interest and next generation, not unbridled quest for wealth and power,’’ he said. The CLO boss also advocated the constitution of contact, mobilisation, lobby and enlightenment committee to reach out to other zones. He said that the committee would need to re-enact the 1999 scenario in which major political parties then zoned their presidential candidates to South-West in Chief Olu Falae of AD/APP and Chief Olusegun Obasanjo of PDP. “It is correct to say for national interest, integration, unity and cohesion major political parties should zone their presidential candidates to South-East. “It is existential reality that Igbo presidency will guarantee peace, unity, progress and rapid social economic development of Nigeria. “It will most importantly put an end to cries of marginalisation, injustice and inequality being expressed by our people in the South-East now,’’ he added.