The Lagos State Health Service Commission is training 27 medical directors on advanced cardiovascular life support techniques in a bid to get health personnel acquainted with new emergency management toward excellent medical delivery.  The Commission Permanent Secretary, Dr Benjamin Eniayewun, on Wednesday, said there was need to effectively manage victims of cardiac arrest/neurological related illnesses, who present at the secondary hospitals. He said “200 personnel were selected from various hospitals to enhance services being extended to cardiac patients. “This requires you all, as the Chief Executive Officers who steer the course of this professional reformation, to be on the same page. “Delivery on quality care is paramount. We have to change the culture of incompetence and mediocrity in handling patients of cardiac arrests with a push directed at expertise on use of available biomedical equipment for life sustenance benefits. “Remember, the focus now is on quality health for all , in line with the T.H.E.M.E.S. agenda while versatility and skillfulness on the job must always come to fore.” While reiterating staff dynamism as aid to effective execution of the initiative, Eniayewun urged for collective team contribution through cascade training of other health professionals on life saving techniques. “Patients demand for medical expertise at all times, so we encourage you to meet up the demand by enlarging and remodifying our emergency centres for optimal satisfaction. “You are enjoined to set up emergency response teams upon reaching your hospitals from the knowledge gained.” Dr Funmilola Eso, the Deputy Director, Medical Services of the commission, said that having cardiac arrest team or medical emergency team would enhance victims’ recuperation. She said “having a six-man team at the incidence of cardiac arrest aids victim’s resuscitation. “The team doesn’t necessarily have to be stationed permanently at the emergency points, but they can come from their duty posts at spur of the moment for such lifesaving procedure. “This training is targeted at restoring confidence among healthcare workforce on resuscitation skills to preserve lives. “Even our health attendants would be considered for training in the near future.” Explaining further on the need for enlightenment and expanded frontier of Cardio-Pulmonary Resuscitation Techniques, Eso called for community engagement, using comedy/visuals for possible processes to adopt when cardiac arrest incidence occurs. “People need to know that some lives can be saved when there is cardiac arrest incidence, if the right moves are being made. “Movie scene where people pour water on affected victims could be changed to use of CPR/basic Life Support techniques to salvage the situation. “If this is repeated often on different scenes, people can get acquainted with the technique as life saving measures.” Dr Alabi Busuyi, a Coordinator with the Cardinal Emergency Care who was one of the facilitator implored for protocols at identifying early signs of cardiac arrest for life preservative processes. “Most victims of cardiac arrest show physiological presentation eight hours before the incidence, however, if protocols were ideally applied, it could be averted. Our correspondent reports that the commission had earlier trained 200 clinical staff across public health facilities in the state. The training which commenced on Monday ended on Wednesday.