The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted cloudy and sunny weather conditions from Tuesday to Thursday.  NiMet’s weather outlook released in Abuja on Monday predicted cloudy skies with intervals of sunshine prevailing over the northern region on Tuesday. According to the outlook, there will be slim prospects of morning thunderstorms over parts of Katsina, Kaduna, and Southern Bauchi. “Further into the day, pockets of thunderstorms are expected over Yelwa, Adamawa, Bauchi, Gombe and Taraba. “The north central region is expected to be in cloudy skies with prospects of morning thunderstorms over parts of Abuja, Niger and Nassarawa. “Pockets of thunderstorms are anticipated over parts of Kwara, Plateau and Abuja in the afternoon and evening periods,” it said. The agency forecast northern region of the country to be predominately cloudy with slim chances of thunderstorms over parts of Delta, Edo, Calabar and Uyo, during the morning hours. NiMet envisaged widespread thunderstorms over the inland and coastal cities of the south in the afternoon and evening periods. According to it, cloudy skies with interval of sunshine are expected over the northern region on Wednesday, with chances of thunderstorms over Taraba, Bauchi and Kaduna in the morning hours. It anticipated pockets of thunderstorms, likely over Sokoto, Yelwa and Gusau as the day progresses while the remaining parts of the region to be in cloudy skies. The agency predicted the north central region to be in cloudy skies with chances of thunderstorms over parts of Lafia, Benue and Niger during the morning hours. “Isolated thunderstorms are anticipated over the region during afternoon and evening periods. “The southern cities should be in cloudy skies with chances of thunderstorms over Lagos, Ijebu-Ode and the southwest inland in the morning hours. “However, afternoon and evening periods hold better chances of thunderstorms over the inland and coastal cities of the south, leaving the southwest inland under cloudy condition,” it said. According to it, cloudy skies with interval of sunshine are expected over the northern region on Thursday with slim prospects of thunderstorms over Taraba, Adamawa and Bauchi in the morning hours. The agency forecast isolated thunderstorms to be expected across the region as the day progressed. “Mostly cloudy skies are expected over the north central region in the morning hours. Afternoon and evening hours look favourable for thunderstorms over the high grounds of the central region. “The Inland cities should be in cloudy skies, while the coastal cities of the south have prospects of thunderstorms in the morning hours. “Thunderstorms are expected across the southern region during the afternoon and evening hours,” it said.