In a bold move to further strengthen its customer experience niche while also rewarding and empowering its subscribers especially in the wake of the eco nomic effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, Nigeria’s leading customer-centric telecommunication company, 9mobile, has continued to reward customers with millions of naira and smartphones across the country. So far, the promo has rewarded over 59 customers with N1million each and given out 3,000 smartphones and counting to lucky winners. The promo, designed to reward 90 lucky customers with N1 million daily, will also give out two smartphones every hour for 90 days and a grand prize of N10 million at the grand finale. At the launch of the campaign in August, the Chief Executive Officer of 9mobile, Mr. Alan Sinfield, had stated that the promo was designed to support Nigerians during the uncertain and challenging times caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. “We realize the challenges people are faced with during this period, and we have designed this promo to help cushion the effects of the Covid-19 in Nigeria as families and individuals continue to confront the economic impact of the pandemic. This promo also demonstrates our philosophy that customers are at the core of our business, so we continue to prioritize them in our decisions.” From the Ibadan 9mobile Experience Centre, it was all smiles for Ade Odewunmi Oluwaseun, a sophomore student at the Moshood Abiola Polytechnic who won a million naira. Speaking on her win, she said “I never believed it until I got here only to see that it is real. My mom is a single parent and things have been challenging. So, I will give the money to my mother so that she can use it to cater for my elder sister and me.” Also, Mr. Suleiman Hassan who hails from Gombe State, exuded joy as he said “I appreciate 9mobile because if I could win from my location in Gombe State, then everybody stands a chance of winning in this Mega Millions Promo. A huge part of the money will go to charity.” Another million naira winner, Mrs. Suzy Madaki, a civil servant in Kaduna Statewas fulsome of appreciation to 9mobile for the Mega Millions Promo initiative. “When I got a call from a 9mobile customer service representative that I have won a million naira I didn't believe the promo was real. That is why I won’t blame anyone who feels the same way now. All I can say to them is that the promo is very real”. In the same vein, Mr. Muhammad Kashala also struck gold as the Mega Millions Promo will enable him to start his cloth merchandizing business in earnest. “I am so surprised that this is real. I will like to appreciate 9mobile for this wonderful opportunity they have given me. With this winning, I will start a clothing business,” Mr Kashala said. The 9mobile winning train also recently made a stop-over in Bayelsa State where Mr. Preye Abariye Andrew, lauded the telco for the gesture and promised to donate part of his N1million to charity. “I urge people to believe that the promo is real, 9mobile is a good network for people to use. I will donate items to orphanages and think about my future.” From the Port Harcourt Experience Center, Engr. Kalagbo Chinedu, who also won N1million said he never believed in his wildest dreams that the Mega Millions Promo was real let alone winning a million naira in the promo. The Mega Millions Promo adopts a recharge and win mechanism. To participate, customers can simply recharge their lines with N200 or more to win a smartphone every hour or top-up N1000 and above to win the N1million daily prize. A cumulative recharge of N10, 000 monthly over the 90 days duration of the promo qualifies customers for a chance to win the N10, 000,000 grand prize. With 31million Naira and over 1,400 smartphones left to be won, participants can increase their chances of winning with frequent recharges. New customers will also get up to 100% data bonus for 12 months with free 1GB and N500 airtime.