Today, C40 Cities announced the launch of the Global Youth and Mayors Forum, bringing together mayors of the world’s leading cities and visionary leaders of the global youth climate movement from every region. Young leaders, aged 14-25, from local climate campaigns or groups all around the world are invited to apply to join the Forum. Working with some of the world’s most powerful city leaders, they will discuss how to accelerate solutions to the climate crisis and make the Global Green New Deal a reality in cities around the world. Recognising that the climate crisis demands new kinds of partnerships and ambitious new ideas – the Global Youth and Mayors Forum is designed to ensure that all voices are represented in global decision-making. Over the coming years the Forum will facilitate conversations and collaborative climate action between C40 mayors and youth climate leaders that help accelerate the implementation of a Global Green New Deal, including by better engaging young people in climate action. Participants will develop global leadership on the climate emergency through training, and share best practices for cities regarding youth engagement in cities. The first group of youth members will be part of the Forum until at least December 2021. In October 2019, Mayor of Los Angeles and Chair of C40, Eric Garcetti announced that C40 will create a Global Youth Initiative to bring together these inspirational leaders of youth climate movements from all over the world, to engage with mayors, and with each other. This Forum is the first formal activity of the Initiative. The Global Youth and Mayors forum will bring together 15 youth and ~10 mayoral leaders on climate change from every continent to discuss: How we can implement a Global Green New Deal; How cities can better engage and work with youth leaders on climate to push forward ambition; and how youth movements and mayors can work together to push forward science-based climate action and overcome opposition. To be eligible, applicants must be: – Aged 14-25 – Located in a city – Actively involved in the youth climate movement – Supportive of inclusive and science-based climate action to limit global warming to 1.5°C – Committed to the principles of a Global Green New Deal Around the world, C40 Cities connects 97 of the world’s greatest cities to take bold climate action, leading the way towards a healthier and more sustainable future. Representing 700+ million citizens and one quarter of the global economy, mayors of the C40 cities are committed to delivering on the most ambitious goals of the Paris Agreement at the local level, as well as to cleaning the air we breathe. The current chair of C40 is Mayor of Los Angeles Eric Garcetti; and three-term Mayor of New York City Michael R. Bloomberg serves as President of the Board. C40’s work is made possible by our three strategic funders: Bloomberg Philanthropies, Children’s Investment Fund Foundation (CIFF), and Realdania.