The Women in Politics Forum (WIPF), has expressed willingness to train young women in politics, to further boost their participation in governance.  WIPF, a multi- Party Organisation for Women, is committed to increase women’s political participation without discrimination of persons with disabilities. Mrs Ebere Ifendu, National President of WIPF said this in a statement on Friday in Abuja, said the training is open to women between ages 18 and 35 years resident in Benue and Cross River states. She explained that the free training on leadership processes in politics to be held at the WIPF Academy. “The academy consists of two-day intensive training, aimed at strengthening the capacity of young women to engage in political leadership processes and in political parties,” she said. She said that facilitators would take participants through the academy’s tailored curriculum with modules including models of leadership, understanding Nigeria’s electoral system, media engagement and public speaking. She said that at the end of the training, participants would be supported in registering for membership of any political party of their choice. “Demonstrable interest in any of the following areas: political leadership, political science, international relations, gender equality and women’s empowerment, business investment or enterprise. “Demonstrable voluntary or work experience is desirable for actively participating in party politics or demonstrates a willingness to actively participate in party politics after the end of the academy. “Awareness of the barriers to women’s equal representation in leadership and governance processes in Nigeria. “Good verbal and written communication in English and excellent time management and a professional attitude,” she said. She assured successful applicants of benefiting from Skill Buildings such as; sharpen critical skills essential for effective political and community leadership and career advancement. “Networking Opportunities: Broaden and diversify local network with new connections in the public, private and non-profit sectors. “The deadline for application is Oct. 22, WIPF does not charge a fee at any stage of the recruitment process, training and in the selection of participants. Our correspondent reports that the academy is established with support from the UN Women Nigeria, in recognition of the marginalisation of Women in Politics. It was reported that the academy seeks to give voice to women in governance and leadership.