The Nasarawa State Independent Electoral Commission( NASIEC) said on Thursday that the commission had not lifted the ban on campaigns, ahead of the February 2021 Local Government elections in the state.  Mr Ayuba Usman-Wandai, the Chairman of the Commission, stated this when the members of the State House of Assembly Committee on NASIEC and Multilateral Cooperation paid an oversight visit to the commission to assess its the performance of its 2020 budget. Usman-Wandai said that the commission was on course toward the successgful conduct of the local governments polls in the state. ”We are determined to conduct the local government elections in the state according to the law. ”We are working on the February 2021 date as earlier announced by the Commission, except if there is any challenge. ”We have been seeing posters of aspirants for LG elections, but we have not lifted the ban on the campaigns yet,” he said. Usman- Wandai commended the members of the committee for supporting the activities of the commission and called for its sustenance. He assured that the commission was poised to conduct free, fair, acceptable, transparent and credible elections. Earlier, Alhaji Mohammed Okpoku, the Chairman of the Committee, said that they were in the Democracy House to assess the 2020 budget performance of the Commission. Okpoku ( APC- Udege/ Loko), further assured of the committee’s readiness to partner with the commission, in order to have transparent and peaceful local government elections in the state. ”We are ready to partner with you to ensure the conduct of violence-free Local government elections in the state, ” he said. Mr Danladi Jatau ( PDP-Kokona West), the Minority Leader of the House, urged the commission to conduct transparent, free and fair Local government elections in the state, in the interest of peace and sustainable democracy at the grassroots. The committee had also paid an oversight visit to the Nasarawa State Community and Social Development Agency, where the committee expressed happiness with the activities of the Agency under the headship of its General Manager, Ahmed Saidu. Similarly, the committee has paid an oversight visit to the Nasarawa State Bilingual Education Project, where the Project Manager, Hajiya Zainab Magaji, appreciated the committee for supporting the activities of the project.