Mr Jide Awe, an Information and Communications Technology Expert says Nigeria must adopt a high quality education system that was digital and inclusive to be truly independent and be able to make meaningful progress in the 21st century.  Awe, also the Chief Executive Officer of Jidaw Systems Ltd., gave the advice during an interview with our reporter in Lagos on Tuesday. He said that using analogue methods to deliver education in the digital age does not add up, adding that digital education had become a necessity and not luxury. “Nigeria needs to start equipping its children with digital skills and transferable skills such as critical thinking, problem solving, communication and collaboration among others right from primary school. “An education system based on the techniques of rote learning, memorisation, cramming for exams and certificate focus is not preparing children to seise the opportunities and overcome the challenges of the Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR). “For example, digital technologies and strategies needed to be employed to reset education to make it fit for the 21st century. “There is an immense need for digital education to prepare our children and adults for meaningful participation and contribution in the 4IR, as a nation, we must intensify efforts to ensure our education system is digitally included, for how long would we continue preparing children for a world that no longer exists,” Awe said. He said that government must be deliberate in terms of strategies, policies and incentives to prioritise the digitisation of critical sectors such as education and health that were central to achieving the desired goals. “Technology prioritisation should be an all of government affair not just a Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy matter to make the desired impact. “Creative, out of the box, thinking is required to move away from the old normal of using manual, outdated methods in education and agriculture,” Awe said. He said that there were still too many manual processes in critical sectors, adding that they could be digitised to improve overall efficiency, performance and competitiveness in the country. “Nigeria must start promoting Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics(STEAM) education approach for practical, critical thinking, collaborative and project based learning within the education system. “The COVID-19 pandemic has exposed the poor access to education and lack of digital inclusion in the society. “Since this is an age of rapid change, we must recognise and foster non formal education and promote a culture of lifelong learning. “We must be at the centre of digital development. The digital transformation of a nation must address job creation, enterprise development, social inclusion, overall quality of life and the future of work, “Awe said.