Some youths in Epe Division of Lagos State have turned the Epe/Ibeju-Lekki expressway to a football field and other games, but have effectively blocked the highway to denied vehicular movement as the EndSars protest continues.  Our correspondent reports that the youths, who spoke in separate interviews on Monday, in Epe, said that their action is to end the operation of SARS across the nation through a peaceful protest. It was reported that the protest started on Oct. 8 with protesters taking to the streets in different parts of the country, calling for a reform of the Police Force and disbandment of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) for alleged brutality to citizens. Mr Ibrahim Olawale, Youth Leader, said that the purpose of the protest is to join voices with other masses across the country to EndSars and bad governance. “Enough of bad governance, enough of Sars brutality and enough of bad leadership/corruption, ” he said. Olawale added that the protest was not just to Police brutality or total reformation of police force but also to fix the entire system of the economy. “Nothing seems to be working in Nigeria, Our Judiciary, Executive and Legislative arms of government are all faulty. “We need a total reform in all systems of government and infrastructure needs to be put in place for all to enjoy dividend of democracy,” he said. Olawale urged the Lagos state government to fix the Epe/Ibeju Lekki, Epe/Ikorodu and Epe/Ijebu-Ode expressways. “Epe is a multi link road community that leads to Ogun state and other parts of the country, so it deserves a good road network,” he said. He added that the issue of land grabbers in Epe Division needs urgent attention of the government. “This is a germaine issue that is affecting the landowners in the community and this needs government’s quick interventions. “The only way we all can enjoy from government is for them to provide us with adequate infrastructure, enforce law and ensure that the system of government are favorable to all citizens,” he said. Mr Afeez Lawal, a civil servant, said that the protest was peaceful and the youth have taken the “bull by the horn” by demanding for their rights. Also, Mr Jubril Idris, a youth, said that the protest was not to disrupt commercial activities in the community but to express their heartfelt concerns on the EndSars matter and other issues affecting the citizens. “We are patriotic youth, we are civil and we know our right, this is the best avenue to demand for our right,” he said. Idris therefore, urged the federal government to yield to the plea of the masses and reform the entire police system and fix the entire system.