The Federal Government has solicited the support and contributions of Nigerians in the Diaspora on the implementation of the country’s vision 2025.  Mr Clement Agba, the Minister of State for Finance, Budget and National Planning said this on Monday in Abuja during the webinar meeting with Nigerians in the Diaspora. He said that the country had been implementing the the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) 2017 to 2020 and Nigeria Vision 20:2020 (NV20:2020) as its medium and perspective plans respectively. Agba said that coincidentally both plans would terminate in December 2020. “The three-tiers of government need to collectively develop the successor plans medium and long term (2021 to 2025).” Agba said that the process for the formulation of the succession plans and new vision had commenced and it was important to engage all the stakeholders in the process. He said that drawing from the experience of the past government it was considered very important pillars on which the plans should be built. The pillars, according to Agba include coherent policy trust for the Medium Term National Development Plan (MTNDP), and realistic macroeconomic framework for the MTNDP with identified binding constraints. “Robots monitoring and evaluation (M&E) framework for effective implementation of the MTNDP, priortised and sequenced list of programmes and projects to feed into the yearly budget. “Effective communication of the plan, vision and stakeholders’ engagement,” Agba said. He said that the current administration had identified nine government priorities for implementation during the period 2019 to 2023, which had been captured as priorities in the medium-term Plan. Agba said that government was given policy priority to build systems to fight corruption, improve governance and create national cohesion, enlarge agriculture output for food security, expand business growth, entrepreneurship and industrialisation. “Enhance social inclusion and reduce poverty, build a thriving and sustainable economy, expand transport and other infrastructure development. “Attain energy sufficiency in power and petroleum products, improve access to quality education, affordable healthcare and productivity, improve security for all.” The minister promised that the Federal Government would work with the recommendation to be made by Nigerians in the Diaspora. Mrs Maghreb Okoduwa from U.S. commended the Federal Government for engaging Nigerians in the Diaspora. Okoduwa advised the Federal Government to sustain such meetings and ensure the implementation of recommendations raised by Nigerians in the Diaspora.