Nigerians amongst other countries can now benefit from the COVID-19 PCR test requirements for Dubai which was recently changed to suite customers and encourage more travels to Dubai. The new rules states that tourists must present a negative COVID 19 PCR test certificate, that is valid for 96 hours from the date of the test before departure, except for passengers coming from the UK and Germany, who have the option to take a COVID 19 PCR test on arrival in Dubai. On the other hand, transiting passengers from these countries highlighted are not required to present a COVID 19 PCR test certificate unless it is mandated by your final destination. Under this category, UAE residents have the option to present a negative COVID 19 PCR test certificate that is valid for 96 hours from the date of the test before departure or take the COVID 19 PCR test on arrival in Dubai. The countries directly affected by this rules are; Nigeria, Algeria,Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Brazil, Brunei, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Denmark, Estonia,Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Iceland, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kirgizstan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg,Macedonia, Malaysia, Maldives Islands, Mauritius, Netherlands. New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Poland, Portugal, Saudi Arabia, Serbia,Seychelles, Singapore, Somalia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain,Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States (New York, Washington DC, Boston, Chicago, Seattle) Similarly, under the second arrangement, tourists must take two COVID 19 PCR tests, one before departure with a validity of 96 hours from the date of the test, and a second test upon arrival in Dubai. Also,Transiting passengers from these countries must have a negative COVID 19 PCR test certificate that is valid for 96 hours from the date of test, as well as any requirements for their final destination. Under this category, UAE residents must take two COVID 19 PCR tests: one before departure with a validity of 96 hours from the date of the test, and a second test upon arrival in Dubai. The countries affected by this rules are: Afghanistan, Angola,Argentina, Bangladesh, Cambodia, Chile, Cote d’ ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Guinea, Hungary, India, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kenya, Lebanon, Malta, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Philippines, Romania, Russia, Rwanda, Senegal, Slovakia, Somaliland, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, United States (California, Florida, Texas), Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Zambia, Zimbabwe. It is note-worthy that the test certificates must be for a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test, while other test certificates including antibody tests and home testing kits are not accepted in Dubai. Traveller taking a test before departure must bring an official, printed certificate in English or Arabic to check-in – SMS and digital certificates are not accepted.